-1-
PRIVATE CAR PACKAGE POLICY WORDING
STANDARD FORM FOR PRIVATE CAR PACKAGE POLICY 
Whereas the insured by a proposal and declaration dated as stated in the Schedule 
which shall be the basis of this contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein 
has applied to the Company for the insurance hereinafter contained and has paid the 
premium mentioned in the schedule as consideration for such insurance in respect 
of accidental loss or damage occurring during the period of insurance.
NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH 
That subject to the Terms Exceptions and Conditions contained herein or endorsed 
or expressed hereon;
SECTION I. LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO THE VEHICLE INSURED 
The Company will indemnify the insured against loss or damage to the vehicle 
insured hereunder and / or its accessories whilst thereon 
1. By fire explosion self ignition or lightning ;
2.  By burglary housebreaking or theft ;
3.  By riot and strike;
4.  By earthquake (fire and shock damage);
5.  By flood typhoon hurricane storm tempest inundation cyclone hailstorm frost;
6.  By accidental external means;
7. By malicious act;
8. By terrorist activity;
9.  Whilst in transit by road rail inland-waterway lift elevator or air;
10  By landslide rockslide.
Subject to a deduction for depreciation at the rates mentioned below in respect of 
parts replaced :
1.  For all rubber/ nylon / plastic parts, tyres and tubes, batteries and air bags -50%
2.  For fibre glass components -30%
3.  For all parts made of glass -Nil
4.  Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as per the 
following schedule.
AGE OF VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION
Not exceeding 6months Nil
Exceeding 6months but not exceeding 1 year 5%
Exceeding 1 year but not exceeding 2 years 10%
Exceeding 2 years but not exceeding 3 years 15%
Exceeding 3 years but not exceeding 4 years 25%
Exceeding 4 years but not exceeding 5 years 35%
Exceeding 5 years but not exceeding 10 years 40%
Exceeding 10 years 50%
5. Rate of Depreciation for Painting: In the case of painting, the depreciation rate 
of 50% shall be applied only on the material cost of total painting charges. In 
case of a consolidated bill for painting charges,the material component shall be 
considered as 25% of the total painting charges for the purpose of applying the 
depreciation.
 The Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of :-
 a. Consequential loss, depreciation, wear and tear, mechanical or electrical 
breakdown, failures or breakages; 
 b. Damage to tyres and tubes unless the vehicle is damaged at the same time 
in which case the liability of the company shall be limited to 50% of the 
cost of replacement and 
 c. Any accidental loss or damage suffered whilst the insured or any person 
driving the vehicle with the knowledge and consent of the insured is under 
the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. 
In the event of the vehicle being disabled by reason of loss or damage covered under 
this Policy the Company will bear the reasonable cost of protection and removal to 
the nearest repairer and redelivery to the insured but not exceeding in all ` 1500/-in
respect of any one accident. 
The insured may authorise the repair of the vehicle necessitated by damage for 
which the Company may be liable under this 
Policy provided that : 
 a. The estimated cost of such repair including replacements, if any, does not 
exceed ` 500/-;
 b.  The Company is furnished forthwith with a detailed estimate of the cost of 
repairs; and
 c.  The insured shall give the Company every assistance to see that such 
repair is necessary and the charges are reasonable. 
SUM INSURED, INSURED’S DECLARED VALUE (IDV)
The Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle will be deemed to be the ‘SUM 
INSURED’  for the purpose of this policy which is fixed at the commencement of 
each policy period for the insured vehicle. 
The IDV of the vehicle (and accessories if any fitted to the vehicle) is to be fixed 
on the basis of the manufacturer’s listed selling price of the brand and model as 
the vehicle insured at the commencement of insurance/renewal and adjusted for 
depreciation (as per schedule below). 
The schedule of age-wise depreciation as shown below is applicable for the purpose 
of Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss (TL/CTL) claims only. 
THE SCHEDULE OF DEPRECIATION FOR FIXING IDV OF THE VEHICLE
AGE OF VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION 
FOR FIXING IDV
Not exceeding 6 months 5% 
Exceeding 6 months but not exceeding 1 year 15% 
Exceeding 1 year but not exceeding 2 years 20% 
Exceeding 2 years but not exceeding 3 years 30% 
Exceeding 3 years but not exceeding 4 years 40% 
Exceeding 4 years but not exceeding 5 years 50%
IDV of vehicles beyond 5 years of age and of obsolete models of the vehicles 
(i.e. models which the manufacturers have discontinued to manufacture) is to be 
determined on the basis of an understanding between the insurer and the insured.
IDV shall be treated as the .Market Value. throughout the policy period without any 
further depreciation for the purpose of Total Loss (TL) / Constructive Total Loss (CTL) 
claims.
The insured vehicle shall be treated as a CTL if the aggregate cost of retrieval and / 
or repair of the vehicle,
subject to terms and conditions of the policy, exceeds 75% of the IDV of the vehicle.
LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES
1. Subject to the limits of liability as laid down in the Schedule hereto the Company 
will indemnify the insured in the event of an accident caused by or arising out of 
the use of the vehicle against all sums which the insured shall become legally 
liable to pay in respect of :-
 a. Death of or bodily injury to any person including occupants carried in the 
vehicle (provided such occupants are not carried for hire or reward) but 
except so far as it is necessary to meet the requirements of Motor Vehicles 
Act, the Company shall not be liable where such death or injury arises out 
of and in the course of the employment of such person by the insured. 
 b. Damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in 
trust or in the custody or control of the insured. 
2.  The Company will pay all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. 
3. In terms of and subject to the limitations of the indemnity granted by this 
section to the insured, the Company will indemnify any driver who is driving 
the vehicle on the insured’s order or with insured’s permission provided that 
such driver shall as though he/she was the insured observe fulfill and be subject 
to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
4. In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy
-2-
the Company will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify 
his/her personal representative in terms of and subject to the limitations of 
this Policy provided that such personal representative shall as though such 
representative was the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms 
exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
5.  The Company may at its own option 
 a. Arrange for representation at any Inquest or Fatal Inquiry in respect of any 
death which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and 
 b.  Undertake the defence of proceedings in any Court of Law in respect of any 
act or alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the 
subject of indemnity under this Policy.
AVOIDANCE OF CERTAIN TERMS AND RIGHT OF RECOVERY 
Nothing in this Policy or any endorsement hereon shall affect the right of any person 
indemnified by this Policy or any other person to recover an amount under or by 
virtue of the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act. 
But the insured shall repay to the Company all sums paid by the Company which the 
Company would not have been liable to pay but for the said provisions.
APPLICATION OF LIMITS OF INDEMNITY
In the event of any accident involving indemnity to more than one person any 
limitation by the terms of this Policy and/or of any Endorsement thereon of the 
amount of any indemnity shall apply to the aggregate amount of indemnity to all 
persons indemnified and such indemnity shall apply in priority to the insured. 
PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER FOR OWNER-DRIVER 
The Company undertakes to pay compensation as per the following scale for bodily 
injury/ death sustained by the owner-driver of the vehicle, in direct connection with 
the vehicle insured or whilst driving or mounting into/dismounting from the vehicle 
insured or whilst traveling in it as a co-driver, caused by violent accidental external 
and visible means which independent of any other cause shall within six calendar 
months of such injury result in:
Nature of injury
Scale of 
compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
 and sight of one eye.
100%
(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
 than named above.
100%
Provided always that 
1. Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above 
in respect of the owner-driver arising out of any one occurrence and the total 
liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of ` 2 lakhs 
during any one period of insurance. 
2.  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or bodily injury directly or 
indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (1) intentional 
self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (2) an 
accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
liquor or drugs. 
3. Such compensation shall be payable directly to the insured or to his/her legal 
representatives whose receipt shall be the full discharge in respect of the injury 
to the insured. 
 a. This cover is subject to 
  i.  The owner-driver is the registered owner of the vehicle insured herein; 
  ii.  The owner-driver is the insured named in this policy. 
  iii. The owner-driver holds an effective driving license, in accordance with 
the provisions of Rule 3 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, at 
the time of the accident.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS
(Applicable to all Sections of the Policy)
The Company shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of 
1. Any accidental loss or damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred 
outside the geographical area; 
2.  Any claim arising out of any contractual liability; 
3.  Any accidental loss damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst 
the vehicle insured herein is 
 a.  Being used otherwise than in accordance with the .Limitations as to Use. 
or 
 b.  Being driven by or is for the purpose of being driven by him/her in the 
charge of any person other than a Driver as stated in the Driver’s Clause. 
4.  a.  Any accidental loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or 
expense whatsoever resulting or arising there from or any consequential 
loss 
     b. Any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or 
contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by 
radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the 
combustion of nuclear fuel. For the purpose of this exception combustion 
shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission. 
5.  Any accidental loss or damage or liability directly or indirectly caused by or 
contributed to by or arising from nuclear weapons material. 
6. Any accidental loss damage and/or liability directly or indirectly or proximately 
or remotely occasioned by contributed to by or traceable to or arising out of 
or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities or 
warlike operations (whether before or after declaration of war) civil war, mutiny 
rebellion, military or usurped power or by any direct or indirect consequence of 
any of the said occurrences and in the event of any claim hereunder the insured 
shall prove that the accidental loss damage and/or liability arose independently 
of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed to by or 
traceable to any of the said occurrences or any consequences thereof and in 
default of such proof, the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in 
respect of such a claim. 
DEDUCTIBLE 
The Company shall not be liable for each and every claim under Section -I (loss of 
or damage to the vehicle insured) of this Policy in respect of the deductible stated 
in the schedule. 
CONDITIONS 
This Policy and the Schedule shall be read together and any word or expression 
to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or of the 
Schedule shall bear the same meaning wherever it may appear. 
1. Notice shall be given in writing to the Company immediately upon the 
occurrence of any accidental loss or damage in the event of any claim and 
thereafter the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the 
Company shall require. Every letter claim writ summons and/or process or 
copy thereof shall be forwarded to the Company immediately on receipt by the 
insured. Notice shall also be given in writing to the Company immediately the 
insured shall have knowledge of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal 
inquiry in respect of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under this 
Policy. In case of theft or criminal act which may be the subject of a claim under 
this Policy the insured shall give immediate notice to the police and cooperate 
with the Company in securing the conviction of the offender. 
 Wherever details pertaining to any incident which results in a claim, are 
conveyed by the insured to the insurer after reasonable period, insured shall 
provide the reasons of such delay to the insurer and insurer may on analysis of 
reasons provided by insured, condone the delay in intimation of claim or delay 
in providing the required information/documents to the insurer.
2.  No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by 
or on behalf of the insured without the written consent of the Company which 
shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the 
insured the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of 
the insured for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or otherwise and shall 
have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of 
any claim and the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the 
Company may require. 
3.  The Company may at its own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or 
part thereof and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or 
damage and the liability of the Company shall not exceed: 
 a.  For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle -the Insured’s Declared 
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in 
the Schedule less the value of the wreck. 
 b.  For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss 
of the vehicle actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of 
parts lost/damaged subject to depreciation as per limits specified. 
-3-
4.  The insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the vehicle from loss or 
damage and to maintain it in efficient condition and the Company shall have at 
all times free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part thereof or any 
driver or employee of the insured. In the event of any accident or breakdown, 
the vehicle shall not be left unattended without proper precautions being 
taken to prevent further damage or loss and if the vehicle be driven before 
the necessary repairs are effected any extension of the damage or any further 
damage to the vehicle shall be entirely at the insured’s own risk. 
5.  The Company may cancel the policy by sending seven days notice by recorded 
delivery to the insured at insured’s last known address and in such event will 
return to the insured the premium paid less the pro rata portion thereof for 
the period the Policy has been in force or the policy may be cancelled at any 
time by the insured on seven days. notice by recorded delivery and provided 
no claim has arisen during the currency of the policy, the insured shall be 
entitled to a return of premium less premium at the Company’s Short Period 
rates for the period the Policy has been in force. Return of the premium by 
the company will be subject to retention of the minimum premium of `100/- 
(or ` 25/-in respect of vehicles specifically designed/modified for use by blind/
handicapped/mentally challenged persons). Where the ownership of the 
vehicle is transferred, the policy cannot be cancelled unless evidence that the 
vehicle is insured elsewhere is produced. 
6.  If at the time of occurrence of an event that gives rise to any claim under this 
policy there is in existence any other insurance covering the same liability, the 
Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its ratable proportion 
of any compensation, cost or expense. 
7. If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under this 
policy (liability being otherwise admitted), such difference shall independent of 
all other questions be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed 
in writing by the parties to the dispute or if they cannot agree upon a single 
arbitrator within 30 days of any party invoking Arbitration, the same shall be 
referred to a panel of three arbitrators comprising two arbitrators one to be 
appointed by each of the parties to the dispute / difference, and a third arbitrator 
to be appointed by such two arbitrators who shall act as the presiding arbitrator 
and Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. 
 It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be 
referable to Arbitration as hereinbefore provided, if the Company has disputed 
or not accepted liability under or in respect of this policy. 
 It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be condition precedent 
to any right of action or suit upon this policy that the award by such arbitrator/ 
arbitrators of the amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained. 
 It is also hereby further expressly agreed and declared that if the Company 
shall disclaim liability to the insured for any claim hereunder and such claim 
shall not, within twelve calendar months from the date of such disclaimer have 
been made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law, then the claim shall 
for all purposes be deemed to have been abandoned and shall not thereafter be 
recoverable hereunder. 
8. The due observance and fulfillment of the terms, conditions and endorsements 
of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by 
the insured and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal 
shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Company to make any 
payment under this Policy. 
9.  In the event of the death of the sole insured, this policy will not immediately 
lapse but will remain valid for a period of three months from the date of the 
death of insured or until the expiry of this policy (whichever is earlier). During 
the said period, legal heir(s) of the insured to whom the custody and use of 
the Motor Vehicle passes may apply to have this Policy transferred to the 
name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance policy for the Motor Vehicle. 
Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain 
a new policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to the 
Company accordingly within the aforesaid period. All such applications should 
be accompanied by:-
 a. Death Certificate in respect of the insured
 b. Proof of title to the vehicle Original Policy.
NO CLAIM BONUS :
No Claim Bonus, wherever applicable, will be as per the following table.
ALL TYPES OF VEHICLES
% OF DISCOUNT ON OWN 
DAMAGE PREMIUM
No claim made or pending during the 
preceding full year of insurance
20%
No claim made or pending during the 
preceding  2 consecutive years of insurance
25%
No claim made or pending during the 
preceding 3 consecutive years of insurance
35%
No claim made or pending during the 
preceding 4 consecutive years of insurance
45%
No claim made or pending during the 
preceding 5 consecutive years of insurance
50%
Sunset Clause : If at the renewal falling due any time between 1st July 2002 and 
30th June 2003, both days inclusive, (after completion of the full policy period of 12 
months) an insured becomes entitled to an NCB of 55% or 65%  in terms of the Tariff 
prevailing prior to 1st July 2002, the entitlement of such higher percentage of NCB 
will remain protected for all subsequent renewals till a claim arises under the policy, 
in which case the NCB will revert to ‘Nil’ at the next renewal. Thereafter, NCB if any 
earned, will be in terms of the above table.
INDIA MOTOR TARIFF – ENDORSEMENTS 
IMT. 1. Extension of Geographical Area 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `....................it is 
hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Policy to the contrary the Geographical Area in this Policy shall from the ... /... /....... 
to the ... /... /.......(both days inclusive) be deemed to include.*
It is further specifically understood and agreed that such geographical extension 
excludes cover for damage to the vehicle insured/ injury to its occupants / third 
party liability in respect of the vehicle insured during sea voyage / air passage for the 
purpose of ferrying the vehicle insured to the extended geographical area.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
NOTE : Insert Nepal/ Sri Lanka/ Maldives/ Bhutan/ Pakistan/Bangladesh as the case 
may be.
IMT. 2. AGREED VALUE CLAUSE (APPLICABLE ONLY TO VINTAGE CARS) 
It is hereby declared and agreed that in case of TOTAL LOSS/CONSTRUCTIVE TOTAL 
LOSS of the Vintage Car insured hereunder due to a peril insured against, the amount 
payable will be the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle as mentioned in the 
Policy without deduction of any depreciation. 
It is further declared and agreed that in case of partial loss to the vehicle, depreciation 
on parts replaced will be as stated in Section I of the Policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
IMT. 3. TRANSFER OF INTEREST 
It is hereby understood and agreed that as from ...../...../......... the interest in the policy 
is transferred to and vested in .......of ....... carrying on or engaged in the business or 
profession of ...... who shall be deemed to be the insured and whose proposal and 
declaration dated ...... /........./............. shall be deemed to be incorporated in and to 
be the basis of this contract.
Provided always that for the purpose of the No Claim Bonus, no period during which 
the interest in this policy has been vested in any previous Insured shall accrue to 
the benefit of .
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 4. Change of Vehicle 
It is hereby understood and agreed that as from ...... /........./............. the vehicle 
bearing Registration Number ...... is deemed to be deleted from the Schedule of the 
Policy and the vehicle with details specified hereunder is deemed to be included 
therein-
-4-
Regd 
No.
Engine/ 
Chassis 
No.
Make Type 
of Body
C.C. Year of 
Manufac-
ture
Seating 
Capacity 
Including 
Driver
IDV
In consequence of this change, an extra / refund premium of `............ is charged/ 
allowed to the insured.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy.
IMT. 5. HIRE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
It is hereby understood and agreed that .................. (hereinafter referred to as 
the Owners) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured 
is subject of an Hire Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one 
part and the insured on the other part and it is further understood and agreed that 
the Owners are interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be 
payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the 
vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and / or replacement of parts 
and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as long as they are the Owners of the 
vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in 
respect of such loss or damage. 
It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover 
for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will 
continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of 
the policy relating to this cover. 
Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or 
affect the rights and liabilities of the insured or the insurer respectively under or in 
connection with this Policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 6. LEASE AGREEMENT 
It is hereby understood and agreed that .............. (hereinafter referred to as the 
Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the 
subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and the 
insured on the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are 
interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to the 
insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as 
cannot be made good by repair and / or replacement of parts and such monies shall 
be paid to the Lessors as long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and 
their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss 
or damage. It is also understood and agreed that notwithstanding any provision in 
the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this policy is issued to the insured namely 
...... as the principal party and not as agent or trustee and nothing herein contained 
shall be construed as constituting the insured an agent or trustee for the Lessors 
or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by the insured to the Lessors, of 
his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein shall be 
construed as creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue the insurer in 
any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.
It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover 
for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will 
continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of 
the policy relating to this cover. 
Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or 
affect the rights and liabilities of the insured or the insurer respectively under or in 
connection with this Policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 7. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement 
It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated 
with................... (hereinafter referred to as the Pledgee) and it is further understood 
and agreed that the Pledgee is interested in any monies which but for this 
Endorsement would be payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such 
loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and / 
or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as 
they are the Pledgee of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final 
discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss or damage. 
It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover 
for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will 
continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of 
the policy relating to this cover. 
Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or 
affect the rights or liabilities of the Insured or the Insurer respectively under or in 
connection with this Policy or any term, provision or condition thereof. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 8. DISCOUNT FOR MEMBERSHIP OF RECOGNISED AUTOMOBILE 
ASSOCIATIONS (PRIVATE CARS AND MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS ONLY) 
It is hereby understood and agreed that in consideration of insured’s membership of 
......** a discount in premium of ?  ....................* is allowed to the insured hereunder 
from ... /... /.......
It is further understood and agreed that if the insured ceases to be a member of the 
above mentioned association during the currency of this Policy the insured shall 
immediately notify the insurer accordingly and refund to the insurer a proportionate 
amount of the discount allowed on this account for the unexpired period of the 
cover.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy 
* For full policy period, the full tariff discount to be inserted. For mid-term 
membership, prorata proportion of the tariff discount for the unexpired policy period 
is to be inserted. 
** Insert name of the concerned Automobile Association. 
IMT. 9. DISCOUNT FOR VINTAGE CARS (Applicable to Private Cars only) 
It is hereby understood and agreed that in consideration of the insured car having 
been certified as a Vintage Car by the Vintage and Classic Car Club of India, a 
discount of ` ......................* is allowed to the insured from ........ /......... /...........
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy 
*Amount calculated as per tariff provision is to be inserted. For mid-term certification 
as Vintage Car pro-rata proportion of tariff discount for the unexpired period is to be 
inserted. 
IMT. 10. INSTALLATION OF ANTI-THEFT DEVICE (Not applicable to Motor 
Trade Policies) 
In consideration of certification by .......* that an Anti-Theft device approved by 
Automobile Research Association of India (ARAI), Pune has been installed in the 
vehicle insured herein a premium discount of `...............................** is hereby 
allowed to the insured. 
It is hereby understood and agreed that the insured shall ensure at all times that this 
Anti-theft device installed in the vehicle insured is maintained in efficient condition 
till the expiry of this policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of the policy 
* The name of the certifying Automobile Association is to be inserted. 
** Premium discount calculated as per tariff provision is to be inserted. For mid-
term certification of installation of Anti Theft device pro-rata proportion of tariff 
discount for the unexpired period is to be inserted. 
IMT. 11. A. VEHICLES LAID UP ( Lay up period declared ) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that from ........ /......... /........... to ........ /......... /........... the vehicle 
insured is laid up in garage and not in use and during this period all liability of 
the insurer under this policy in respect of the vehicle insured is suspended SAVE 
ONLY IN RESPECT OF LOSS OR DAMAGE TO THE SAID VEHICLE CAUSED BY FIRE 
EXPLOSION SELF-IGNITION OR LIGHTNING OR BURGLARY, HOUSEBREAKING, 
THEFT OR RIOT STRIKE MALICIOUS DAMAGE TERRORISM OR STORM TEMPEST 
FLOOD INUNDATION OR EARTHQUAKE PERILS, in consideration whereof 
1.  # The insurer will deduct from the next renewal premium the sum of 
`..........................* and the No Claim Bonus (if any) shall be calculated on the 
next renewal premium after deduction of such sum. 
2.  # The period of insurance by this policy is extended to ........ /......... /........... in 
view of the payment of an additional premium of `...............................** 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
NB.1. # To delete (a) or (b) as per option exercised by the insured. 
NB.2. *The proportionate full policy premium for the period of lay up less the 
proportionate premium for the Fire and /or Theft risks for the lay up periods is to 
be inserted. 
-5-
NB.3 ** The proportionate premium required for Fire and / or Theft cover for the 
vehicle for the laid  up period is to be inserted. 
NB.4. In case of Liability Only Policies the words in CAPITALS should be deleted. 
NB.5. In case of policies covering Liability Only and 
1.  Fire risks, the words  ‘BURGLARY HOUSEBREAKING OR THEFT’ are to be 
deleted; 
2. Theft risks, the words  ‘FIRE EXPLOSION SELF IGNITION OR LIGHTNING’ are to 
be deleted. 
3. Fire and Theft risks no part of the words in capitals are to be deleted. 
IMT. 11. B. VEHICLES LAID UP ( Lay up period not declared ) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that as from ........ /......... /........... the vehicle no. ........... insured 
hereunder is laid up in garage and not in use and liability of the insurer under this 
policy in respect of the said vehicle is suspended SAVE ONLY IN RESPECT OF LOSS 
OR DAMAGE TO THE SAID VEHICLE CAUSED BY FIRE EXPLOSION SELF-IGNITION 
OR LIGHTNING OR BURGLARY, HOUSEBREAKING, THEFT OR RIOT STRIKE 
MALICIOUS DAMAGE TERRORISM OR STORM TEMPEST FLOOD INUNDATION OR 
EARTHQUAKE PERILS. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
NB.1. In case of Liability Only Policies the words in CAPITALS should be deleted. 
NB.2. In case of policies covering Liability Only and 
1. Fire risks, the words ‘BURGLARY HOUSEBREAKING OR THEFT’ are to be 
deleted; 
2. Theft risks, the words  ‘FIRE EXPLOSION SELF IGNITION OR LIGHTNING’ are to 
be deleted. 
3.  Fire and Theft risks no part of the words in capitals are to be deleted. 
IMT. 11. C. TERMINATION OF THE UNDECLARED PERIOD OF VEHICLE LAID 
UP 
It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurance by this Policy in respect 
of vehicle no. ..... insured hereunder is reinstated in full from ........ /......... /........... 
and the Endorsement IMT 11(B) attaching to this policy shall be deemed to be 
cancelled. It is further agreed that in consideration of the period during which the 
vehicle no. ......... has been out of use 
1.  # The insurer will deduct from the next renewal premium the sum of 
`.........................* and the No Claim Bonus (if any) shall be calculated on the 
next renewal premium after deduction of such sum. 
2.  # The period of insurance by this policy is extended to ..../..../....... in view of the 
payment of an additional premium of `...............................**
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
NB.1. # To delete (a) or (b) as per option exercised by the insured. 
NB.2. * The proportionate full policy premium for the period of lay up less the 
proportionate premium for the Fire a nd /or Theft risks for the lay up periods is to 
be inserted. 
NB.3 ** The proportionate premium required for Fire and / or Theft cover for the 
vehicle for the laid-up period is to be inserted . 
IMT. 12. DISCOUNT FOR SPECIALLY DESIGNED/MODIFIED VEHICLES FOR 
THE BLIND, HANDICAPPED AND MENTALLY CHALLENGED PERSONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that the vehicle insured being specially designed /modified 
for use of blind, handicapped and mentally challenged persons and suitable 
endorsement to this effect having been incorporated in the Registration Book by 
the Registering Authority, a discount of 50% on the Own Damage premium for the 
vehicle insured is hereby allowed to the insured. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy. 
IMT. 13. USE OF VEHICLE WITHIN INSURED’S OWN PREMISES  (Applicable 
to all classes except as otherwise provided in the tariff)
It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of 
the vehicle insured while the vehicle is being used elsewhere than in the insured’s 
premises except where the vehicle is specifically required for a mission to fight a fire. 
For the purposes of this endorsement ‘Use confined to own premises’ shall mean 
use only on insured’s premises to which public have no general right of access. 
IMT. 14. USE OF VEHICLE CONFINED TO SITES (Applicable to Goods Carrying 
Vehicles) 
It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of 
the vehicle insured while it is being used elsewhere than on site to which the public 
have no general right of access and the vehicle is not required to be registered under 
the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. 
IMT. 15. PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER TO THE INSURED OR ANY NAMED 
PERSON OTHER THAN PAID DRIVER OR CLEANER (Applicable to private cars 
including three wheelers rated as private cars and motorized two wheelers 
with or without side car [not for hire or reward) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby agreed and 
understood that the Company undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the insured person in 
direct connection with the vehicle insured or whilst mounting and dismounting from 
or traveling in vehicle insured and caused by violent accidental external and visible 
means which independently of any other cause shall within six calendar months of 
the occurrence of such injury result in:-
Nature of injury
Scale of 
compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
 and sight of one eye.
100%
(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
 than named above.
100%
Provided always that 
(1)  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
.* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
(2)  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
liquor or drugs. 
(3)  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
* The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
IMT. 16. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED PASSENGERS OTHER THAN 
INSURED AND THE PAID DRIVER AND CLEANER {For vehicles rated as 
Private cars and Motorised two wheelers (not for hire or reward) with or 
without side car}
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
below for bodily injuries hereinafter defined sustained by any passenger other than 
the insured and/or the paid driver attendant or cleaner and/or a person in the employ 
of the insured coming within the scope of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 
and subsequent amendments of the said Act and engaged in and upon the service 
of the insured at the time such injury is sustained whilst mounting into, dismounting 
from or traveling in the insured motor car and caused by violent, accidental, external 
and visible means which independently of any other cause shall within three 
calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in :
Nature of injury
Scale of 
compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
 and sight of one eye.
100%
(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
 than named above.
100%
-6-
Provided always that: -
(1)  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
(2)  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
liquor or drugs. 
(3)  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
(4) Not more than....** persons/passengers are in the vehicle insured at the time 
of occurrence of such injury.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
* The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
** The registered sitting capacity of the vehicle insured is to be inserted. 
IMT. 17. PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER TO PAID DRIVERS, CLEANERS AND 
CONDUCTORS: (Applicable to all classes of vehicles) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the paid driver/cleaner/
conductor in the employ of the insured in direct connection with the vehicle insured 
whilst mounting into dismounting from or traveling in the insured vehicle and caused 
by violent accidental external and visible means which independently of any other 
cause shall within six calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in :
Nature of injury
Scale of 
compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
 and sight of one eye.
100%
(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
 than named above.
100%
Provided always that 
1.  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
2.  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
liquor or drugs. 
3.  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
* The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per person is to be inserted. 
IMT. 18. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED HIRER AND UNNAMED 
PILLION PASSENGERS (Applicable to Motorised Two wheelers with or 
without side Car) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation to any unnamed 
hirer/ driver/any unnamed pillion/ sidecar passenger* on the scale provided below 
for bodily injury caused by violent, accidental, external and visible means whilst 
mounting into/onto and/or dismounting from or traveling in/on the vehicle insured 
which independently of any other cause shall within three calendar months of the 
occurrence of such injury results in :
Nature of injury
Scale of 
compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
 and sight of one eye.
100%
(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
 than named above.
100%
Provided always that: 
(1)  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of ? .................** during 
any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
(2)  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
liquor or drugs. 
(3)  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
(4) Not more than .... persons/ passengers are in the vehicle insured at the time of 
occurrence of such injury.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
* Delete if P.A. cover for unnamed pillion /side car passenger is not taken. 
** The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
IMT. 19. COVER FOR VEHICLES IMPORTED WITHOUT CUSTOMS DUTY 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that in the event of loss or damage to the vehicle insured 
and/or its accessories necessitating the supply of a part not obtainable from stocks 
held in the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair or in the event of 
the insurer exercising the option under ...., * to pay in cash the amount of the loss 
or damage the liability of the insurer in respect of any such part shall be limited to :-
1.  a. The price quoted in the latest catalogue or the price list issued by the 
Manufacturer or his Agent for the country in which the vehicle insured is 
held for repair less depreciation applicable; OR 
 b.  If no such catalogue or price list exists the price list obtaining at the 
Manufacturer’s Works plus the reasonable cost of transport otherwise 
than by air to the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair and 
the amount of the relative import duty less depreciation applicable under 
the Policy; and 
2.  The reasonable cost of fitting such parts.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.
* Insert ‘Condition 3’ in the case of the Private Car and Motorsied Two Wheeler 
Policies and ‘Condition 4’ in the case of Commercial Vehicles Policy.
IMT. 20. REDUCTION IN THE LIMIT OF LIABILITY FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE 
It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the policy the insurers liability is limited to ` 6000/-(Rupees six 
thousand only) for damage to property other than the property belonging to the 
insured or held in trust or in custody or control of the insured. In consideration of 
this reduction in the limit of liability a reduction in premium of `..........* is hereby 
made to the insured.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the policy. 
*To insert ` 50 for Two wheelers, ` 100 for private cars ` 150 for Commercial 
Vehicles . three wheelers and taxis or  ` 200 for Commercial Vehicles (excluding 
three wheelers and taxis). 
IMT. 21. SPECIAL EXCLUSIONS AND COMPULSORY DEDUCTIBLE 
(Applicable to all Commercial Vehicles excluding taxis and motorized two wheelers 
carrying passengers for hire or reward.)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that
-7-
1.  Special Exclusions 
 Except in the case of Total Loss of the vehicle insured, the insurer shall not 
be liable under Section I of the policy for loss of or damage to lamps tyres tubes 
mudguards bonnet side parts bumpers and paint work. 
2.  Compulsory Deductible
 In addition to any amount which the insured may be required to bear under para 
(a) above the insured shall also bear under section I of the policy in respect of 
each and every event (including event giving rise to total loss/constructive total 
loss) the first `.............................* of any expenditure(or any less expenditure 
which may be incurred) for which provision is made under this policy and/or of 
any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of its discretion under Condition 
No.4 of this policy. 
 If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the 
insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to 
the insurer forthwith. 
 For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression event shall mean an event 
or series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle 
insured in respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* to insert amount as appropriate to the class of vehicle insured as per GR.40 of 
the tariff. 
IMT. 22. COMPULSORY DEDUCTIBLE 
(Applicable to Private Cars, three wheelers rated as private cars, all motorized two 
wheelers, taxis, private car type vehicle plying for public/private hire, private type 
taxi let out on private hire)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that the insured shall bear under Section 1 of the policy 
in respect of each and every event (including event giving rise to a total loss/
constructive total loss) the first ? .............................* (or any less expenditure which 
may be incurred) of any expenditure for which provision has been made under this 
policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of his discretion under 
Condition no ...........** of this policy. 
If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the 
insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the 
insurer forthwith.
For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression .event. shall mean an event or 
series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in 
respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
*1. To insert amount as appropriate to the class of vehicle insured as per GR.40 of 
the tariff. 
2. In respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for Private Car and in respect of a 
motorised two wheeler not carrying passengers for hire or reward, if any deductible 
in addition to the compulsory deductible provided in this endorsement is voluntarily 
borne by the insured, the sum representing the aggregate of the compulsory and the 
voluntary deductibles is to be inserted. 
** To insert Condition no 3 in respect of a vehicle rated under Tariff for Private Car 
/ Two wheelers or Condition no 4 in respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for 
Commercial Vehicles. 
IMT. 22. A. VOLUNTARY DEDUCTIBLE 
(For private cars/motorized two wheelers other than for hire or reward)
It is by declared and agreed that the insured having opted a voluntary deductible of 
`.......................*
a reduction in premium of `............................** under Section 1 of the policy is 
hereby allowed. 
In consideration of the above, it is hereby understood and agreed that the insured 
shall bear under Section 1 Of the policy in respect of each and every event (including 
event giving rise to a total loss/constructive total loss ) the first `.............................
*** (or any less expenditure which may be incurred) of any expenditure for which 
provision has been made under this policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer 
in the exercise of his discretion under Condition no ..# of this policy. 
If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the 
insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the 
insurer forthwith.
For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression event shall mean an event or 
series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in 
respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* To insert voluntary deductible amount opted by the insured under tariff for Private 
car / tariff for motorised two wheeler.
** To insert appropriate amount relating to the voluntary deductible opted as per the 
provision of tariff for Private car / tariff for motorised two wheelers.
*** To insert aggregate amount of voluntary deductible opted and the compulsory 
deductible applicable to the vehicle insured as in G.R. 40.
# To insert policy condition No. 3 of the tariff for private car / tariff for motorised 
two wheelers.
IMT. 23. COVER FOR LAMPS TYRES / TUBES MUDGUARDS BONNET /SIDE 
PARTS BUMPERS HEADLIGHTS AND PAINTWORK OF DAMAGED PORTION 
ONLY. (For all Commercial Vehicles) 
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of `..........................*, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that subject to conditions (a) (b) and (c) hereunder loss of or 
damage (excluding theft under any circumstances) to lamps tyres/tubes mudguards 
bonnet/side parts bumpers headlights and paintwork of damaged portion only is 
covered provided the vehicle is also damaged at the same time. Subject to: 
1. Depreciation as per schedule provided in Section 1 of the policy. It is further 
understood and agreed that in respect of paint work for the damaged portion 
only (as referred to above) shall also be as per schedule provided in Section 1 
of the policy.
2. In addition to any amount which the insured may be required to bear under 
para (a) above, the insured shall also bear 50% of the assessed loss in respect 
of each and every claim under this Endorsement.
3. It is also understood that no deductible other than those mentioned in (a) and 
(b) above shall be applicable in respect of a claim which become payable under 
this Endorsement.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.
* To insert the sum arrived at as per the provisions of G.R.40. NB.3. of the Tariff.
IMT. 24. ELECTRICAL / ELECTRONIC FITTINGS 
(Items fitted in the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer’s listed selling price 
of the vehicle. Package Policy only)
In consideration of the payment of additional premium of `............................, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that the insurer will indemnify the insured against loss of or 
damage to such electrical and/ or electronic fitting(s) as specified in the schedule 
whilst it/these is/are fitted in or on the vehicle insured where such loss or damage is 
occasioned by any of the perils mentioned in Section.1 of the policy.
The insurer shall, however, not be liable for loss of or damage to such fitting(s) 
caused by/as a result of mechanical or electrical breakdown.
Provided always that the liability of the insurer hereunder shall not exceed the 
Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the item. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions 
limitations and exceptions of this Policy.
IMT. 25. CNG/LPG KIT IN BI-FUEL SYSTEM (Own Damage cover for the kit) 
In consideration of the payment of premium of ? .............................* notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed 
that the insurer will indemnify the insured in terms conditions limitations and 
exceptions of Section1 of the policy against loss and/or damage to the CNG/LPG 
kit fitted in the vehicle insured arising from an accidental loss or damage to the 
vehicle insured, subject to the limit of the Insured’s Declared Value of the CNG/LPG 
kit specified in the Schedule of the policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* To insert sum arrived at in terms of G.R.42. 
IMT. 26. FIRE AND/OR THEFT RISKS ONLY (Not applicable for Miscellaneous 
and Special Types of vehicles ratable under Class -D and Motor Trade Policies 
under Classes-E, F and G of the Commercial Vehicles Tariff ) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that Section II of the Policy is deemed to be cancelled and 
under Section I thereof the insurer shall only be liable to indemnify the insured 
against loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning and/or burglary 
housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood 
inundation and earthquake perils whilst the vehicle is laid up in garage and not in use. 
-8-
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
NB. a.  In case of Fire Risk only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking theft’ are to be 
deleted. 
NB. b. In case of Theft Risk only, the words ‘fire explosion self ignition lightning riot 
strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake 
perils’ are to be deleted. 
IMT. 27. LIABILITY AND FIRE AND/OR THEFT (Not applicable for Miscellaneous 
and Special Types of vehicles rateable under Class of the Tariff for Commercial 
Vehicles) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that Section I of the Policy the insurer shall not be liable there 
under except in respect of loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning 
and/or burglary housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism 
storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy. 
NB. a. In case of Liability and Fire Risks only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking 
theft’ are to be deleted. 
NB. b.  In case of Liability and Theft Risks only, the words ‘fire explosion self 
ignition lightning riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood 
inundation and earthquake perils’ are to be deleted. 
IMT. 28. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/OR 
CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF INSURED 
VEHICLE (For all Classes of vehicles) 
In consideration of an additional premium of ` 50/-notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer 
shall indemnify the insured against the insured’s legal liability under the Workmen’s 
Compensation Act, 1923 , the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law and 
subsequent amendments of these Acts prior to the date of this Endorsement in 
respect of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst 
engaged in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the 
vehicle insured herein and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses 
incurred with its written consent.
Provided always that 
1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer or 
group of insurers a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for 
insured’s general employees; 
2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
comply with all statutory obligations; 
*3. the insured shall keep record of the name of each paid driver conductor cleaner 
or persons employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages and 
salaries and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow 
the insurer to inspect such records on demand. 
4.  in the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy 
except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 
1988.
*In case of Private cars/ motorised two wheelers (not used for hire or reward) delete 
this para.
IMT. 29. LEGAL LIABILITY TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED OTHER THAN 
PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/ OR CLEANER WHO MAY BE 
TRAVELLING OR DRIVING IN THE EMPLOYER’S CAR {Private Cars only/ 
Motorised two wheelers (not for hire or reward)}
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium @ ` 25/-per employee 
insured notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
understood and agreed that the insurer will indemnify the insured against the 
insured’s liability at Common Law and Statutory Liability under the Fatal Accidents 
Act, 1855 for compensation (including legal costs of any claimant) for death of or 
bodily injury to any employee (other than paid drivers) of the within named insured 
being carried in or upon or entering in or getting on to or alighting from or driving 
the vehicle insured. 
Provided that in the event of an accident whilst the vehicle insured is carrying more 
than .....* employees of the insured (including the driver) the insured shall repay to 
the insurer a rateable proportion of the total amount payable by the insurer by the 
reason of this endorsement in respect of accident in connection with such vehicle 
insured. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
NB. * To insert the number of employees for which the premium has been paid. 
IMT. 30. TRAILERS. (Applicable to Private Cars Only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the indemnity granted by this policy shall extend to apply to the 
Trailer (Registration No..............). Provided always that 
*1.  the IDV of such Trailer shall be deemed not to exceed ......* * 
2. the term ‘Trailer’  shall not include its contents or anything contained thereon. 
3.  such indemnity shall not apply in respect of death or bodily injury to any person 
being conveyed by the said Trailer otherwise than by reason of or in pursuance 
of a contract of employment. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* Delete in the case of Liability to the public Risks only policies. 
** Insert value of trailer as declared at inception of insurance or any renewal thereof. 
IMT. 31. RELIABILITY TRIALS AND RALLIES [Private Cars and Motorised Two 
Wheelers] 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the indemnity granted by this Policy is extended to apply whilst the 
vehicle insured is engaged in .......... ......*. to be held at ....**... on or about the date 
of ......../........./............ under the auspices of ....... ..............#
Provided that :-
1.  No indemnity shall be granted by this Endorsement to ......... #
2.  This Policy does not cover use for organised racing, pace making or speed 
testing.
3.  During the course of the .......* the Insurer shall not be liable in respect of death 
of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or getting 
on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of the 
event out of which any claim arises.
# # It is further understood and agreed that while the vehicle insured is engaged in 
...........* the insured shall bear the first `..............................@ (or any less amount 
for which the claim may be assessed ) of each and every claim under Section I of 
this Policy.
Provided that if the insurer shall make any payment in exercise of its discretion under 
Condition No. 3 of the policy in settlement of any claim and such payment includes 
the amount for which the insured is responsible by reason of this Endorsement the 
insured shall repay to the insurer forthwith the amount for which the insured is so 
responsible. 
For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression claim shall mean a claim or 
series of claims arising out of one event.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.
* To insert the name of the event @ To insert ?  5000/-for Private cars or ?  2500/-for 
motorised two wheelers. For the duration of the event the deductible under Section 
1 of the policy for the purpose of IMT 22 will be the amount stated in IMT 22 or the 
amount stated herein, whichever is higher.
** To insert the venue of the event.
# To insert the name of the promoters of the event.
# # To delete this entire paragraph in case of Liability Only policies.
IMT. 32. ACCIDENTS TO SOLDIERS /SAILORS/ AIRMEN EMPOYED AS 
DRIVERS 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of ` 100/-* it is hereby 
understood and agreed that in the event of any Soldier/Sailor/Airman employed by 
the insured to drive the vehicle insured being injured or killed whilst so employed, 
this policy will extend to relieve the insured of his liability to indemnify Ministry of 
Defence under the respective Regulations. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* This additional premium is flat and irrespective of period of insurance not 
exceeding 12 months. Any extension of the policy period beyond 12 months will 
call for payment of further additional premium under this endorsement . 
IMT. 33. LOSS OF ACCESSORIES (Applicable to Motorised Two Wheeler 
Policies only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of ? .............................. it is 
hereby understood and agreed that as from ....../...../...... notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained in Section I but subject otherwise to the terms exceptions 
-9-
conditions and limitations of this Policy the insurer will indemnify the insured in 
respect of loss of or damage to accessories the property of the insured, specifically 
declared by the insured caused by burglary, housebreaking or theft. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this policy. 
IMT. 34. USE OF COMMERCIAL TYPE VEHICLES FOR BOTH COMMERCIAL 
AND PRIVATE PURPOSES (Applicable to Commercial Vehicle Policies only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............. and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that 
i.  The insurer will indemnify the insured against his legal liability under Common 
Law and Statutory Liability under the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 in respect of 
death of or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured 
nor carried for hire or reward, whilst being carried in or upon or entering or 
mounting or alighting from any motor vehicle described in the Schedule to this 
Policy. 
ii.  This Policy shall be operative whilst any vehicle described in the Schedule 
hereto is being used by the insured or by any other person with the permission 
of the Insured for social, domestic, or pleasure purposes. 
Whilst any such vehicle is being so used the insurer will in terms and subject to the 
limitations of and for the purposes of Section II of this policy treat as though he were 
the Insured person using such vehicle provided that such person 
1.  is not entitled to indemnity under any other Policy. 
2.  shall as though he were the insured observe, fulfill and be subject to the terms, 
provisions, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
3.  has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance thereof by 
any insurer.
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
NOTE :  In case of Liability only Policies delete (1) above 
IMT. 35. HIRED VEHICLES-DRIVEN BY HIRER* (Applicable to four wheeled 
vehicles with carrying capacity not exceeding 6 passengers and Motorised 
Two wheelers) 
It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Policy unless the vehicle insured is being driven by or is for the 
purpose of being driven by the insured in the charge of the within named insured 
or a driver in the insured’s employment, the policy shall only be operative whilst 
the vehicle insured is let on hire by the insured to any person (hereinafter called the 
Hirer) who:-
i. shall have entered into a hire contract with the insured and who prior to such 
hiring shall have satisfactorily completed and signed a supplementary proposal 
form**. 
ii. shall have satisfied the insured 
 a.  that the vehicle insured will only be driven by a duly licensed driver whose 
license has not been endorsed; 
 b. that such driver has not been refused Motor Insurance nor had his/her 
insurance policy been cancelled nor had special conditions imposed nor 
had increased premium demanded from him/her by reason of claims 
experience. 
It is also understood and agreed that whilst the vehicle insured is let on hire to the 
Hirer the insurer shall not be liable . 
1.  for any loss, damage or liability due to or arising from theft or conversion by the 
Hirer unless covered by payment of additional premium @ 1.50% on IDV. (Endt. 
IMT 43 is to be used.) 
2.  To pay the first `............................ of each and every claim in respect of which 
indemnity would but for this endorsement have been provided by Section I of 
this Policy. 
 If the expenditure incurred by the Insurer shall include the amount for which the 
Insured is responsible hereunder, such amount shall be repaid by the insured 
to the Insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this endorsement the expression 
.Claim. shall mean a claim or series of claims arising out of one cause in respect 
of the vehicle. 
 If the vehicle is used by the Hirer for carriage of passengers for hire or reward. 
* For the purposes of this endorsement the insurer will in terms of and subject to the 
provisions contained in item I of Section II of this Policy, treat the Hirer as a person 
who is driving the Two wheeler. 
Further it is agreed that the insured shall forward to the insurer the supplementary 
proposal referred to above, completed by the Hirer immediately after receipt thereof 
which proposal as well as that referred to in this policy shall be the basis of the 
contract expressed in this endorsement so far as it relates to the indemnity which 
is operative whilst the vehicle is let on hire to such Hirer. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
NOTE : 
For Liability only policies delete the whole of items (1) and (2) and the paragraph in 
bold marked with *. 
** Insurer to devise a suitable supplementary proposal form. 
IMT. 36. INDEMNITY TO HIRER -PACKAGE POLICY -NEGLIGENCE OF THE 
INSURED OR HIRER. 
It is hereby declared and agreed that the company will indemnify any hirer of the 
vehicle insured against loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in 
connection with the vehicle insured by reason of the negligence of the within named 
insured or of any employee of such insured while the vehicle insured is let on hire. 
Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill 
and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in 
so far as they apply. 
IMT. 37. LEGAL LIABILITY TO NON-FARE PAYING PASSENGERS OTHER 
THAN STATUTORY LIABILITY EXCEPT THE FATAL ACCIDENTS ACT, 1855 
(Commercial Vehicles only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............ and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-1 (b) and (c) it is 
hereby understood and agreed that the Company will Indemnify the Insured against 
his legal liability other than liability under the Statute (except the Fatal Accidents Act 
1855 ) in respect of death of or bodily injury to:-
i.  Any employee of the within named insured who is not a workman within the 
meaning of the Workmens Compensation Act Prior to date of this endorsement 
and not being carried for hire or reward. 
ii.  Any other person not being carried for hire or reward provided that the person is 
 a.  Charterer or representative of the charterer of the truck 
 b.  Any other person directly connected with the journey in one form or other 
being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from any 
Motor Vehicle described in the schedule of the policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitation of this policy. 
IMT. 37. A. LEGAL LIABILITY TO NON FARE PAYING PASSENGERS WHO ARE 
NOT EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED (Commercial Vehicles only) 
In consideration of the paying of an additional premium of `.............................. and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-1 ( c ) it is hereby 
understood and agreed that the company will indemnify the insured against his 
legal liability other than liability under statute (except Fatal Accidents Act 1855) in 
respect of death or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured 
and not carried for hire or reward provided that the person is 
a.  Charterer or representative of the charterer of the truck. 
b.  Any other person directly connected with the journey in one form or the other 
being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from vehicle 
insured described in the SCHEDULE OF THIS POLICY. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 38. LEGAL LIABILITY TO FARE PAYING PASSENGERS EXCLUDING 
LIABILITY FOR ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT 
OF AND IN THE COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Commercial and Motor 
Trade Vehicles only) 
I.  For use with Package Policies. 
 In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II - 1 (c) but 
subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of 
this policy, the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for 
compensation (including Law costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury 
to any person other than a person excluded under Section II-1 (B) being carried 
in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. 
 Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor 
Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule 
hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the 
conductor if any then the Insured shall repay to the Insurer rateable proportion 
of the total amount which would be payable by the Insurer by reason of this 
-10-
endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the 
Motor Vehicle. 
 Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned 
as two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be 
disregarded. Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the Policy are 
also applicable to a claim or series of claims under this endorsement. 
 Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of 
the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be 
allowed. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this 
Policy. 
II. For use with Liability only Policy. 
 In consideration of an additional premium of `.............................. and subject 
otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy, 
the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for compensation 
(including Law Costs of any claimant ) for death of or bodily injury to any person 
other than a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon 
or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. 
 Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor 
Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule 
hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the 
conductor if any then the insured shall repay to the Insurer rateable proportion 
of the total amount which would be payable by the Insurer by reason of this 
endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the 
Motor Vehicle. 
 Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned 
as two persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be 
disregarded.
 Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of 
the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be 
allowed.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this 
Policy. 
IMT. 39. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PERSONS EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OPERATION AND/OR MAINTAINING AND/OR LOADING AND/OR 
UNLOADING OF MOTOR VEHICLES (for Goods Vehicle) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of *...... it is hereby 
understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary the insurer shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the 
Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior 
to the date of this Endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law 
in respect of personal injury to any paid driver (or cleaner or conductor or person 
employed in loading/or unloading but in any case not exceeding seven in number 
including driver and cleaner) whilst engaged in the service of the insured in such 
occupation in connection with the .... and not exceeding seven in number and will in 
addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. 
Provided always that : 
1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer 
or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein 
defined for his general employees. 
2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
comply with all statutory obligations. 
3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or 
person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary 
and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at times allow the insurer 
to inspect such record. 
4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. 
The premium to be calculated at the rate of ` 25/-per driver and/or cleaner or 
conductor and/or person employed in loading and/ or unloading but not exceeding 
the number permitted by the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 including driver and cleaner. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy 
except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 
1988. 
IMT. 39. A. LEGAL LIABILITY UNDER THE WORKMEN’S COMPENSATION 
ACT, 1923 IN RESPECT OF THE CARRIAGE OF MORE THAN SIX EMPLOYEES 
(Excluding the Driver) in goods carrying vehicles. 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein the 
company shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s 
Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments to that Act prior to the date 
of this endorsement in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person (other 
than the paid driver) exceeding six in number whilst being carried in the Motor 
vehicle and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with 
its written consent. 
Provided always that :
1.  The Company shall not be liable by virtue of this Endorsement to indemnify 
the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or 
subsequently effects with any insurance company or group of Underwriters 
a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for his general 
employees and where the Insured has not obtained special permission from 
the registration authorities for carriage of more than six such employees. 
2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
comply with all statutory obligations. 
3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each person employed in 
connection with the loading and unloading of the vehicles and the amount of 
wages salary and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times 
allow the Insurer to inspect such record. 
4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed.
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
IMT. 40. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/
OR CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF 
MOTOR VEHICLE. (For buses, taxis and motorized three/four wheelers under 
commercial vehicles tariff) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the 
insurer shall indemnify insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s 
Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior to the date 
of this endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law in respect 
of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst engaged 
in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the vehicle 
insured and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with 
its written consent. 
The premium to be calculated and paid while taking insurance of the vehicle 
concurred at the rate of ` 50/-per driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner. 
Provided always that:-
1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer 
or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein 
defined for his general employees. 
2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
comply with all statutory obligations. 
3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or 
person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary 
and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow the 
insurer to inspect such record. 
4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. Subject 
otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy 
except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles 
Act, 1988. 
IMT. 41. MOTOR TRADE POLICY - CLASS ‘F’ - ROAD RISK ONLY 
It is hereby declared and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein 
to the contrary that in respect of any new vehicle and/or chassis bearing a Trade 
Certificate Number specified in the Schedule of the policy, the Geographical Area 
for the purpose of this Policy shall be as defined hereunder and not as stated in the 
Schedule hereto.
Geographical Area 
Under Section II -(i) .. INDIA 
-11-
Under all other Sections -Within a radius of ...* kilometers from the insured’s 
address as stated in the Schedule hereto. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* to insert ‘80’ or ‘120’, as opted for by insured and premium paid accordingly. 
IMT. 42. PRIVATE CARRIERS (Goods Carrying Commercial Vehicles Only) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable for any loss or damage to the vehicle 
insured and/or for any third party liability in respect thereof if at the time of accident 
the vehicle insured under this policy is carrying goods not belonging to the insured 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this policy. 
Article II NOTE : For Liability only Policies delete the words “for any loss or damage 
to the vehicle insured and/or”
IMT. 43. THEFT AND CONVERSION RISK 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed in this Policy in consideration of the payment of additional premium 
@ 1.50% of IDV, Clause ii (b) (1) of Endorsement IMT-35 is hereby deemed to be 
deleted. 
It is further understood and agreed that the indemnity in respect of Theft and/or 
Conversion by the hirer is applicable only in case of Theft and/or Conversion of the 
entire vehicle. 
It is further understood and agreed that No Claim Bonus will not be applicable to the 
additional premium charged hereunder. 
IMT. 44. INDEMNITY TO HIRER - PACKAGE POLICY - NEGLIGENCE OF THE 
OWNER OR HIRER  
It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional 
premium of ? ........ the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Vehicle insured against 
loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the 
Vehicle insured while let on hire. 
Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill 
and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in 
so far as they apply. 
IMT. 45. INDEMNITY TO HIRER - LIABILITY ONLY POLICY ‘NEGLIGENCE OF 
THE OWNER OR HIRER’ NEGLIGENCE OF THE HIRER 
It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional 
premium of `....... the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Motor Vehicle against 
liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the Motor Vehicle while 
let on hire.
Provided that any such hirer shall as though he were the Insured observe fulfill and 
be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy in so 
far as they apply.
IMT. 46. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PASSENGERS EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR 
ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT OF AND IN 
COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Applicable to Ambulance/ Hearses under 
class D of Commercial vehicles and to Motor Trade vehicles ) 
In consideration of an additional premium of ? .............................. and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in Section II-I(c) but subject otherwise to the 
terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy the insurer will indemnify 
the insured against liability at Law for compensation (including legal costs of any 
claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded 
under Section II - I ( B ) being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting 
from the vehicle insured. 
Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured 
is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as 
being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if 
any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount 
which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more 
than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. 
Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as 
two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. 
Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the policy are also applicable to a 
claim or series of claims under this endorsement. 
Provided further that in the event of policy being cancelled at the request of the 
insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
(For use with ‘Liability Only’ Policy) 
In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and subject 
otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy the 
insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at law for compensation (including 
legal costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than 
a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon or entering or 
mounting or alighting from the vehicle insured. 
Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured 
is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as 
being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if 
any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount 
which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more 
than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. 
Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two 
persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. 
Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of the 
insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. 
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
IMT. 47. MOBILE CRANES/DRILLING RIGS/ MOBILE PLANTS / EXCAVATORS / 
NAVVIES / SHOVELS / GRABS / RIPPERS. 
It is hereby declared and agreed notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
in this Policy that in respect of the vehicle insured * the Insurer shall be under no 
liability 
a.  Under Section I of this Policy in respect of loss or damage resulting from 
overturning arising out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant 
forming part of such vehicle or attached thereto except for loss or damage 
arising directly from fire, explosion , self ignition or lightning or burglary 
housebreaking or theft. 
b.  Under Section II except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the 
Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising 
out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant forming part of such 
vehicle or attached thereto. 
N. B. :  Omit paragraph (a) for :-
1.  Liability only Policies. 
2.  Package Policies where an additional premium has been paid for inclusion of 
damage by overturning. 
NOTE :  * Insert make, number or some other means of identification.
Where a premium reduction is allowed for exclusion of damage when in use as a 
tool of trade omit from paragraph (a) (the words resulting from “overturning” and 
“except for loss” or “theft”.
IMT. 48. AGRICULTURAL AND FORESTRY VEHICLES AND OTHER 
MISCELLANEOUS VEHICLES WITH TRAILERS ATTACHED -EXTENDED COVER 
It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of an additional premium of 
`..............................., the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect 
of any trailer (including Agricultural Implements such as Ploughs, Harrows and the 
like) described in the under noted Schedule of trailers as though it were a vehicle 
described in the Schedule and had set against it in the Schedule the value set 
against it in the under noted Schedule of trailers. Provided that the Insurer shall be 
under no liability under Section I of the Policy in respect of breakage of any part of 
the agricultural trailer or implements caused by ground obstructions. 
Schedule of Trailers
* Description           Insured’s Declared value (IDV)
* Insert make, number or some other means of identification. Threshing Machines, 
Drums, Bailing Machines, Trusses and Tiers must be identified as such.
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
NOTE :  In the case of Liability only Policies, the Endorsement must be suitably 
amended. 
IMT. 49. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY TO THE PUBLIC WORKING RISK (Except as 
required by the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988) 
It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988,the Insurer shall be under no liability 
under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the Insured arising out 
of the operation as a tool of the Motor Vehicle or of plant forming part of the Motor 
Vehicle or attached thereto. 
-12-
IMT. 50. CINEMA FILM RECORDING AND PUBLICITY VANS 
It is hereby understood and agreed that not withstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Policy, the insurer shall be under no liability in respect of loss or 
damage to cinematic photographic or sound equipment costumes or any other 
technical property fixtures and fittings on the Motor Vehicle, unless they are firmly 
and permanently fixed to the body of the vehicle and are not detachable from time 
to time. 
IMT. 51. MOBILE SHOPS /CANTEENS AND MOBILE SURGERIES/ 
DISPENSARIES 
It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Policy the insurer shall be under no liability in respect of 
*a. Loss of or damage to ..... ** on the motor vehicle. 
   b. Death of or bodily injury to or illness of any person caused by or through or in 
connection with or arising from 
 i. Poisoning of any kind or foreign or deleterious matter in food or drink 
 ii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the 
motor vehicle or the defective condition of the container of such goods
 iii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the 
motor vehicle or defective in any treatment given at or from the motor 
vehicle 
Notes : -
* For Liability only Policies omit proviso (a) 
**1. In the case of “Mobile Shops and Canteens” insert the words “Utensils 
or stock-in-trade” and omit (iii) 
2. In the case of “Mobile Surgeries/Dispensaries” insert the words “Surgical 
instruments medical appliances or supplies”. 
IMT. 52 . EXCLUSION OF DAMAGE WHILE IN USE AS A TOOL OF TRADE 
It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 the insurer shall be under no liability 
under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising out 
of the operation as a tool of the motor vehicle or of plant forming part of the vehicle 
insured or attached thereto. 
IMT. 53. SPECIFIED ATTACHMENTS (Special Type Vehicles) 
It is hereby declared and agreed that while any attachment in the under noted 
.Schedule of attachments. is attached to the Motor Vehicle or is detached and 
out of use the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect of any such 
attachment as though it were the Motor Vehicle and had set against it in the 
Schedule the value set against it in the under noted .Schedule of Attachments 
Schedule of Trailers
* Description           Insured’s Declared value (IDV)
* Insert make, number or some other means of identification. 
NOTE:  In the case of pedestrian controlled tractors insert in ‘Description’ in the 
Schedule of Attachments “any standard attachment of the ... Tractor supplied by 
the makers”. 
IMT. 54. MOBILE PLANT (Inclusion of Liability to the Public Working Risk 
Where Tool of Trade is used only for work performed in or upon the Vehicle 
or Trailer.)
It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, the Insurer shall be under no liability 
under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability arising out of :-
1. The explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or 
forming part of the Motor Vehicle. 
2.  The operation other than in or upon the Motor Vehicle forming part of or 
attached to 
3.  The Motor Vehicle. 
IMT. 55. MOBILE PLANT  INCLUSION OF LIABILITY TO THE PUBLIC WORKING 
RISK (All Other Cases) 
It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Policy the insurer shall be under no liability under Section II in 
respect of 
1. Death injury or damage caused by or resulting from 
 a.  Subsidence flooding or water pollution. 
 b.  Damage to pipes or cables arising out of the operation as a tool of the 
vehicle insured or of any plant forming part of vehicle insured or attached 
thereto.
2. Damage to property resulting from the manufacture construction alteration 
repair or treatment of such property by the insured.
3.  Death injury or damage caused by or through property on which the insured 
has carried out any process of manufacture, construction alteration or repair or 
treatment. 
It is further understood and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988, the insurer shall be under no liability 
under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising 
out of the explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or 
forming part of the vehicle insured. 
IMT. 56. TRAILERS (Road Transit Only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that insurance by Section I and II of this Policy shall extend to the Motor 
Vehicle (mechanically propelled or otherwise) attached to the Motor Vehicle for the 
purpose of being towed
Provided always that 
1.  The insurer shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of damage to property 
conveyed by the towed vehicle. 
2. The insurer shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of accident loss 
damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst the vehicle insured 
is towing a greater number of vehicles than is permitted by law. 
IMT. 57. MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS (Motor Trade Only) 
It is hereby declared and agreed that Item 5 in the Schedule to this Policy is deemed 
to have been deleted and the following substituted there for :
The Motor Vehicle : Any Motorised Two Wheeler (including sidecar attached 
thereto) the property of the insured or insured’s custody or control whilst bearing 
Trade Certificate No........... 
It is further declared and agreed that the words “Motor Vehicle” Wherever they 
appear are deemed to have been deleted and substituted by the words ‘Motorised 
Two Wheeler’..
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
IMT. 58. LOAN OR HIRE OF MOTOR CARS, MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS, 
MOTOR VEHICLES TO CUSTOMERS BY MOTOR DEALERS (Motor Trade Only) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the Motor Car(s), Motorised Two wheelers, Motor Vehicle(s) 
described in the Schedule hereto may be let out on loan or hire to insured’s 
customers when their vehicle(s) is/are under repair with the insured. 
Provided that the insured agrees to record in a register for the purposes of this policy 
the date of loan or hire of such vehicle(s), its Make and Registered Number (or 
Chassis Number if the loaned/hired vehicle itself is not registered) and the duration 
of the loan or hire and to submit to the insurer within one month of the expiry of 
each period of insurance a statement of the total number of days each loaned/hired 
vehicle was in use. 
Provided also that the premium for this Policy shall be subject to adjustment on 
expiry of each period of insurance. 
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
IMT. 59. PRIVATE USE OF VEHICLE BY MEMBER/DIRECTOR/EMPLOYEE OF 
THE INSURED (Motor Trade only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and 
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary it is hereby understood 
and agreed that this Policy shall be operative whilst the vehicle insured is being 
used by the insured or with the permission of the insured by a Member Director or 
employee of the insured for social domestic or pleasure purposes. 
Whilst the vehicle insured is being so used the insurer will in terms of and subject 
to the limitations of and for the purpose of Section II of this policy treat as though 
he were the insured person using the vehicle insured provided that such person : 
1.  Is not entitled to indemnity under any other policy; 
2.  Shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the 
terms provisions conditions and endorsements of this policy in so far as they 
apply; 
3.  Has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance thereof by 
any insurer. 
-13-
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
IMT. 60. DEMONSTRATION -DRIVING EXTENSION (Applicable to Motor Trade 
Policies Only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles are being driven 
for the purpose of demonstration by person(s) not in the employment of the 
insured provided he/she/they is/are driving with the insured’s permission and is/
are accompanied by the insured or by any person(s) in the insured’s employment.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
IMT. 61. TUITION -Driving Extension 
(Applicable only to Motor Trade Policies issued on named driver basis.)
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of ? .............................. and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary it is hereby understood and agreed that 
the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles insured are being used for purpose 
of demonstration or tuition by any other person, provided he/she is driving with 
the insured’s permission and is accompanied by a named driver mentioned in the 
policy Schedule.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
IMT. 62. DELETION OF 50% LIMITATION CLAUSE IN RESPECT OF DAMAGE 
TO TYRES (Applicable to Motor Trade Road Transit Risks Policies only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............................. it 
is hereby understood and agreed that the words ...when the liability of the Insurer 
is limited to 50% of the cost of the replacement ..... are hereby deleted from proviso 
(b) of Section I(1) of the policy.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the policy. 
IMT. 63. Restriction of Cover to Liability Risks only 
(Motor Trade Internal Risks Policy)
It is hereby understood and agreed that
1.  Section I and II(2)(i) and the word .other. in Section II (2)(ii) of this Policy in the 
Schedule to this Policy are deemed to be cancelled and 
2. The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of damage to the Motor Vehicle or its 
accessories. 
IMT. 64. OPEN-AIR CAR PARKS (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood 
and agreed that for the purpose of this Policy the Premises shall be deemed to 
include the car park at ......* superficial area not exceeding .....**
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
* To insert location 
** To insert appropriate area 
IMT. 65. WORK AWAY FROM PREMISES (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) 
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
and agreed that the premises are deemed to include any place at which the insured 
is performing work not being premises under the control of the insured provided 
that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of injury or damage resulting from the 
driving of the vehicle insured in a public place in INDIA within the meaning of the 
Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
Add-on for Private Car Package Insurance Policy
Zero Depreciation
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by 
the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to deduct no 
amounts for depreciation in case of parts replaced on account of damage to the 
vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as covered under 
the Policy, however this endorsement shall be applicable to the first two (2) claims 
during the policy period and any subsequent claim(s) shall be subject to a deduction 
for depreciation at the rates mentioned in the policy terms and conditions.
Provided always that
1. such claim has been admitted by the Company under Section I - “Loss or 
Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy, 
2. this add-on shall not be applicable in the event of Total Loss/ Constructive Total 
Loss of the vehicle insured under the Policy,
3. the Insured shall be liable for the Voluntary Deductible* amount, as opted by the 
Insured for this add-on, for each and every claim payable under this add-on,
*Insured can opt for a Voluntary Deductible specifically for this add-on, which will 
be over and above the deductible applied under the basic Policy. In such a case, the 
discount will be provided in the premium calculated for this add-on, as indicated in 
the attached grid - “Voluntary Deductible for Zero Depreciation”.
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
Consumable Items
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `....................... by 
the Insured. It is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contrary contained in the Policy the Company hereby extends the Policy 
to cover expenses Incurred by the Insured on the Consumable Items in the event of 
damage to the vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as 
covered under the policy.
For the purpose of this endorsement, Consumable Items shall mean those articles 
or substances which have specific uses and when applied to their respective uses 
are either consumed totally or are rendered unit for continuous and permanent use. 
Such Consumable Items will include nut and bolt, screw, washers, grease, 
lubricants clip, ac gas, bearings, distilled water, engine oil, oil filter, fuel filter, break 
oil and the like.
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
Garage Cash
In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by 
the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to:
a. Pay a daily allowance, as stated in the schedule, to the Insured for each and 
every completed day for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage, 
due to loss/damage to the vehicle on account of a peril covered under the 
Policy, subject to the maximum number of days as specified in the schedule
b. Pay the lump-sum amount as stated in the schedule, in the event of Total loss/ 
Constructive Total Loss of the Insured’s vehicle
Provided always that:
1. Such claim is admitted by the Company under Section I - “Loss or Damage to 
the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy 
2. The insured vehicle has been under repair for a minimum number of days, as 
stated in the schedule, post which the claim under this add-on will be payable 
from the day such vehicle was delivered to the garage
3. In case of theft of the vehicle, the vehicle is not recovered within 90 days from 
the day of the theft.
4. Not more than three claims will be payable under this add-on
5. Claim under this add-on is intimated to the Company within 24 hours of loss or 
damage
6. Claim under this add-on is serviced in the authorized garages of the Company
7. The duration for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage due to 
loss/damage to the vehicle, and for which the Company will be liable for claim in 
respect of this add-on will be reckoned from the day after the insured vehicle is 
delivered to the Garage till the day immediately preceding the date of discharge 
or date of invoice for such repair as prepared by the garage, whichever is earlier
 a. The company will not be liable for any further payment under this add-on 
for the specific accidental loss or damage once the vehicle is removed 
from the garage
8. Company will not be liable for any delays on account of -
 a. Delay of more than 24  hours, in delivering insured vehicle to the garage 
from the time of occurrence of accidental damage or loss 
 b. Non-availability of spare parts required for repair 
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and limitations of the Policy.
NCB Protect
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy and in consideration 
of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by the Insured, it is 
hereby agreed and declared that the Insured will be entitled to No Claims Bonus as 
per the following Table 1, under Section I - “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” 
of the Policy.
-14-
NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims 
in the current policy period
Number of prior claim 
free policy years
XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3
0 20% 0% 0% 0%
1 25% 20% 0% 0%
2 35% 25% 20% 0%
3 45% 35% 25% 20%
4 and above 50% 45% 35% 25%
Plan 2- Two Step Down
NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims 
in the current policy period
Number of prior claim 
free policy years
XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3
0 20% 0% 0% 0%
1 25% 0% 0% 0%
2 35% 20% 0% 0%
3 45% 25% 20% 0%
4 and above 50% 35% 25% 20%
Insured shall not be entitled to any No Claim Bonus, if more than three claims are 
lodged by the Insured during the same Policy Period under Section I - “Loss or 
Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy.
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
Return to Invoice
In consideration of payment of an additional premium as specified and shown in 
the Schedule, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to pay the 
Sum Insured under this add-on, determined as the difference between the Insured’s 
Declared Value (IDV) of the insured vehicle and the total actual expenses incurred 
towards acquisition of a new vehicle of similar make and model to the insured, as 
specified in the on-road price listed by the manufacturer/Dealer upon the occurrence 
of  Total Loss / Constructive Total Loss as defined in the Policy
Provided always that
On-road price means the actual expense incurred towards acquisition of a new 
vehicle and includes the value of factory  fitted accessories or car dealer accessories 
at the time of purchase. On road price will also include any amount paid towards 
registration of the insured Vehicle, road tax and cost of insuring the vehicle.
In case of obsolete models, the last selling price of the vehicle will be considered to 
pay the Sum Insured under this add-on
Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
Engine Protect Plus
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify 
the Insured for expenses incurred in repair or replacement due to consequential 
damages arising out of water ingression/leakage of lubricating oil leading to loss 
or damage to:
• Engine Parts
• Differential Parts
• Gear Box Parts
 of the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that:
1. For the purpose of this add-on, ‘Consequential Damage’ would mean “the 
damage more specifically expressed hereinabove caused to an insured vehicle 
not arising directly from an insured peril but as a direct consequence to the 
same”.
2. ‘Engine Parts’ would mean all internal lubricated parts of the engine including 
pistons, pins and rigs, all pulleys camshaft, followers, cam bearings, connecting 
rods and bearings, crankshaft and main bearings, dipstick and tube, eccentric 
shaft, engine heads and engine blocks, engine mounts and cushions, engine 
torque strut, flywheel and flywheel ring gear, harmonic balancer, intake and 
exhaust manifolds, oil pan, oil pumps, push rods, valves, springs, guides, 
seats, and lifters, rocker arms, shafts, and bushings, timing covers, timing 
gears, chain, belt tensioners, retainers, vacuum pump, valve covers, and water 
pumps. fuel injection pump (for diesel engines only) and fuel heater (for diesel 
engines only). 
3. ‘Differential Parts’ would mean all internally lubricated parts contained within 
the differential housing including axle shafts, constant velocity joints, bearings, 
final drive housing, four wheel drive hubs and bearings, retainers, transaxle 
housing and universal joints, drive shafts, hub bearings and supports
4. ‘Gear Box Parts’ would mean all internally lubricated parts contained within 
the transmission case including cooler, cooler lines, filer tubes and dipsticks, 
internal linkage, mounts, oil pans, torque convertor, transfer case, transmission 
and transfer case, transmission park base assembly, vacuum modulator, gear 
shafts, and gear box.
5. In case of an accident, payment under this add-on would be made only when 
there is evidence  of  under carriage  damage  to  Engine  Parts and/or  Gear  Box 
Parts and/or Differential Parts leading  to  oil  leakage  and resulting into  damage 
to covered parts as mentioned above.
6. The Company would not be liable for:  
 a) Any claims where the subject matter of claims is covered under any  other 
type  of  insurance  policy  with  any  other  insurer  or  manufacturer’s 
warranty including recall  campaign  or  under  any  other  such  packages 
at  the  same  time.
 b) Cost of lubricants in case of loss due to leakage and flushing of 
consumables.
 c) Any claim which is intimated to the Company after 30 days of the 
happening of loss or damage. 
 d) Any claim where the repair has been carried out without prior approval 
from the Company
 e) Any claims related to loss or damage due to wear and tear
Road Side Assistance
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to provide the 
Insured, upon his request, with a maximum of four claims related to any one or more 
of the following emergency assistance  services during the Policy Period, in any 
area where the Company has its presence through its network garages or through 
the network of the service provider:
1. Towing on breakdown/accident: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being 
immobilized or rendered unfit for the purpose of driving on the road, the 
Company would provide appropriate towing services to the nearest garage 
(within a radius of 50 kms from the location of the breakdown/accident), 
provided always that any charges for a distance beyond the one mentioned 
herein shall be borne by the Insured. 
2. Breakdown support over phone: In the event of minor mechanical errors/
faults/non-functioning of the Insured’s vehicle or any part thereof, the Company 
would provide the Insured with telephonic assistance to come up with solutions 
for such minor mechanical errors/faults/non-functioning of the Insured’s vehicle. 
3. Arrangement/ Supply of fuel: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being 
immobilized due to emptying of fuel tank, the Company would arrange for 
supply of up to five liters of fuel, at the location of the breakdown. Provided 
always that all labor costs and conveyance costs would be borne by the 
Company and all expenses on fuel would be borne by the Insured. 
4. Emptying of fuel tank: In the event of the fuel tank of the Insured’s vehicle 
being filled with a wrong type of fuel, the Company would arrange for emptying 
of fuel tank with the help of appropriate technicians and if required, arrange for 
towing the Insured’s vehicle to nearest garage for the purpose of emptying the 
fuel tank, provided always that all charges towards the towing of the vehicle 
would be borne by the Insured. 
5. Arrangement of keys: In the event of the Insured losing the keys of the 
Insured’s vehicle, the Company would arrange for pick up and delivery of the 
spare keys of the Insured’s vehicle to the place where the Insured’s vehicle 
-15-
is located. Alternatively, the Company would provide the service of unlocking 
the Insured’s vehicle with the help of vehicle technicians at the location of the 
Insured’s vehicle.  Provided always that all labour and conveyance costs would 
be borne by the Company and the Insured would be required to submit an 
identity proof to prove his ownership of the Insured’s vehicle, before availing 
such service. Provided always that this service would be provided only within 
a range of 100 kms from the location where the loss has occurred. 
6. Battery jump start: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due 
to a run down battery, the Company would arrange for a vehicle technician to 
jump start the Insured’s vehicle with appropriate means. Provided always that 
any cost of charging/replacement of battery would be borne by the Insured and 
all labour and conveyance costs, towards battery jump start assistance, would 
be borne by the Company. 
7. Message Relay: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle getting immobilized as a 
result of an accident and/or breakdown, the Company would arrange to send 
urgent message to the specified persons, as requested by the Insured, through 
available means of communication. 
8. Flat Tyre: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a flat 
tyre, the Company would assist the Insured by:
 a. organizing for a vehicle technician to replace the flat tyre with the spare 
stepney tyre of the vehicle at the location of breakdown or in the event of 
repairs not being possible at the place of breakdown
 b. by arranging to take the flat tyre to the nearest place of repair and delivering 
the tyre back to the place of breakdown & attaching it to the Insured’s 
vehicle. 
 Provided always that any expenses on material/spare parts and any other 
incidental costs, if required while carrying out the repairs, would be borne by 
the Insured and the expenses on labour cost and conveyance cost, in relation 
to point (a) and (b) above, would be borne by the Company.
9. Minor Repairs: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to 
a minor mechanical/electrical fault, the Company would assist the Insured by 
sending a vehicle technician to the location of breakdown to carry out the Minor 
Repairs. Provided always that 
 a. the expenses on labour cost and conveyance cost would be borne by the 
Company
 b. Minor Repairs, for the purpose of this add-on, would be defined as repairs 
which can be carried out at the location of breakdown/accident, requiring 
no spares and less than 45 minutes of labour time.   
10. Arrangement of rental vehicle: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being 
immobilized due to a breakdown/accident, the Company would facilitate 
arrangement for alternative mode of conveyance, from the place of breakdown 
/accident, to the destination, as desired by the Insured at the time of breakdown/
accident. The Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable to the 
rental vehicle and all such charges would be borne by the Insured.
11. Arrangement of Accommodation: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being 
immobilized due to a breakdown/accident, the Company would facilitate 
arrangement for hotel accommodation in a place near the place of breakdown 
/accident. The Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable for 
such accommodation and all such charges would be borne by the Insured. 
12. Referring a Legal Advisor: In the event of an accident involving the Insured’s 
vehicle as a result of which the Insured requires the services of a legal advisor, 
the Company would arrange for the Insured the telephonic contact details of 
an appropriate legal advisor belonging to an area as requested by the Insured. 
Provided always that:
 i. the breakdown/accident has taken place atleast 50 kms away from the 
Insured’s place of residence, as per the address declared by the Insured at 
the time of Policy issuance
 ii. the Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable for the 
services of such legal advisor and all such charges would be borne by the 
Insured.
13. Referring a Hospital: In the event of an accident involving the Insured’s vehicle 
as a result of which the Insured and/or any of the travelling passengers requires 
medical care, the Company would arrange for the Insured the telephonic 
contact details of an appropriate hospital near the location of accident. Provided 
always that the breakdown/accident has taken place atleast 50 kms away from 
the Insured’s place of residence, as per the address declared by the Insured at 
the time of Policy issuance.
14. Taxi Benefits: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to an 
accident/ breakdown, the Company shall provide free travel of the occupants 
of the Insured vehicles upto a distance of 50 kilometers. Provided always that:
 a. The event has occurred 50kms away from the Insured’s place of residence 
as declared by the Insured at the time of policy issuance. 
 b. Any charges for a distance beyond the covered distance as stated above 
shall be borne by the Insured. 
 In the unlikely event of the Company being unable to arrange for this service, 
the Company may request the Insured to arrange for the taxi on his own 
and submit the bill for the pre - authorized amount for reimbursement to the 
Company.
15. Accommodation Benefits: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being 
immobilized due to a an accident/ breakdown, the Company shall provide occupants 
of the Insured vehicle with a hotel accommodation for one day, for a maximum of ` 
5000.  Provided always that:
 a. The breakdown/accident has taken place at least 100 kms away from 
the Insured’s place of residence, as declared by the Insured at the time of 
Policy issuance. 
 b. The required time of repair of the Insured vehicle exceeds 12 hours from 
the time of the accident / breakdown. 
 c. The number of individuals seated in the Insured vehicle is not more than 
the maximum seating capacity of the Insured vehicle. 
In the unlikely event of Company being unable to arrange for this service, the 
Company may request the Insured to arrange for accommodation on his own and 
submit the bill for the pre - authorized amount for reimbursement to the Company.
The Company would not be liable for:
1. providing the abovementioned services under conditions of earthquake, 
war, invasion, rebellion, revolt, riot, civil commotion, civil war, exceptional 
adverse weather conditions, acts of terrorism, nuclear fission, strike, act(s) of 
government(s)/government agencies/judicial/quasi-judicial authorities.
2. any claims where the Insured’s vehicle is being used for the purpose of racing, 
rallying, motor-sports, or is not being used/driven in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
3. any claim where the Insured’s vehicle can be safely transferred on its own 
power to the nearest garage/workshop. 
4. any claims triggered by theft; any kind of consequential losses.
5. any loss which is covered under any other insurance policy or manufacturer’s 
warranty or recall campaign or under any other such packages at the same 
time.
6. any expenses for supply or replacement of parts/consumables.
7. any loss/damage caused to the Insured’s vehicle when it is being used/driven 
against the recommendations of the owner’s/manufacturer’s manual. 
8. any claims where services have been availed of without the prior consent of the 
Company.
Key Protect
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to pay upto an 
amount as stated in the Schedule, to indemnify the Insured for the cost incurred 
towards repairing/replacing the car keys and / or locks and/ or lockset, including 
the locksmith charges, upon the occurrence of theft/burglary/ loss of or damage to 
the keys and /or lock and /or the lockset of the Insured’s vehicle, during the Policy 
Period.  
Provided always that
1. Not more than two claims would be payable under this add-on for a Policy 
Period
2. A claim deductible of 1% of the admissible claim amount would apply for each 
claim, subject to a minimum of Rs.250.
3. A claim resulting from burglary or theft is supported by a First Information 
Report (FIR) with the Police
4. The replaced keys/ lock/ lockset should be of same nature and kind as the one 
for which the claim is being made
5. Any loss or damage to the keys/ lock/ lockset is reported to the Company 
within 30 days of such loss or damage
-16-
6. Replacement of key(s) only would be done only for broken or damaged keys.  In 
case of theft of key(s), entire set comprising of key, lock and lockset would be 
replaced. 
7. The Company would not be liable for:
 a. Any claim within the first 5 days of the happening of loss. However, in 
cases related to theft/burglary, this exclusion would not be applicable
 b. Any damage/ loss to keys/lock/lockset due to malicious activities, any 
deliberate or criminal act 
 c. Any loss or damage to the lock or lockset prior to the loss or theft of keys
 d. Any loss or damage to the lock only
 e. Any loss or damage covered under the manufacturer’s warranty
 f. Any claim where the Insured is not able to provide the invoices/receipts for 
the payments made
 g. Any loss or damage caused by radiation, radioactive contamination or 
the hazardous properties of any explosive, corrosive, invasive or toxic 
substance or material.
 h. Any loss or destruction of, or damage to, any part of the Insured’s vehicle 
other than the keys of the Insured’s vehicle, its associated lock, ignition 
system, any immobilizer, infra-red handset and/or alarm attached to the 
fob.
 i. Loss or damage caused by war, invasion, foreign enemy hostilities 
(whether war is declared or not), civil war, terrorism, rebellion, revolution, 
military force or coup, or the actions of any lawful government or public or 
local authority.
 j. Any kind of consequential losses
Loss of Personal Belongings
Plan A
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify 
the Insured, upto an amount as stated in the Schedule, for the loss of his personal 
belongings on account of damage to or theft from the Insured’s vehicle. 
Provided always that:
1. A deductible of Rs. 500 would be applicable for each claim under this add-on
2. A First Investigation Report (FIR) is registered with the Police for such loss
3. The Company would not be liable for:
 a. Any loss in open top or convertible cars unless the belongings are kept in 
the locked boot
 b. Any loss of money, securities, cheques, bank drafts, credit or debit cards, 
jewellery, gems, stones, contact lens, glasses, travel tickets, watches, 
laptops, mobiles, valuables, manuscripts, paintings, work of art.
 c. Any loss of the personal belongings unless the Insured’s vehicle is locked 
and all doors & windows are properly fastened while unattended.
 d. Any loss of or damage to belongings carried in connection with any trade 
or business
 e. Any theft from vehicles parked in no-parking zone and from un-attended 
vehicle after accident
 f. Any claim intimated to the Company after 30 days of such loss. 
Plan B
In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify 
the Insured, upto an amount as stated in the Schedule, for the loss of his personal 
belongings, including mobile phones and /or laptops, on account of damage to or 
theft from the Insured’s Vehicle. 
Provided always that:
4. A deductible of Rs.500 would be applicable for each claim under this add-on, 
except when the claim is being made only for mobile phones and/or laptops
5. A First Investigation Report (FIR) is registered with the Police for such loss
6. The Company would not be liable for:
 a. Any loss in open top or convertible cars unless the belongings are kept in 
the locked boot
 b. Any loss of money, securities, cheques, bank drafts, credit or debit cards, 
jewellery, gems, stones, contact lens, glasses, travel tickets, watches, 
valuables, manuscripts, paintings, work of art.
 c. Any loss of the personal belongings unless the Insured’s vehicle is locked 
and all doors & windows are properly fastened while unattended.
 d. Any loss of or damage to belongings carried in connection with any trade 
or business
 e. Any theft from vehicles parked in no-parking zone and from un-attended 
vehicle after accident
 f. Any claim for a laptop/mobile phone not declared at the time of Policy 
issuance. 
 g. Any claim intimated to the Company after 30 days of such loss. 
Any amount more than the market value of the mobile phones or laptops as stated 
at the time of Policy issuance, deducted appropriately for depreciation as per the 
Section 32 of Income Tax Act.
Grievance Clause
