MOTOR VEHICLES TO CUSTOMERS BY MOTOR DEALERS (Motor Trade Only) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that the Motor Car(s), Motorised Two wheelers, Motor Vehicle(s) 
 described in the Schedule hereto may be let out on loan or hire to insured’s 
 customers when their vehicle(s) is/are under repair with the insured. 
 Provided that the insured agrees to record in a register for the purposes of this policy 
 the date of loan or hire of such vehicle(s), its Make and Registered Number (or 
 Chassis Number if the loaned/hired vehicle itself is not registered) and the duration 
 of the loan or hire and to submit to the insurer within one month of the expiry of 
 each period of insurance a statement of the total number of days each loaned/hired 
 vehicle was in use. 
 Provided also that the premium for this Policy shall be subject to adjustment on 
 expiry of each period of insurance. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 IMT. 59. PRIVATE USE OF VEHICLE BY MEMBER/DIRECTOR/EMPLOYEE OF 
 THE INSURED (Motor Trade only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and 
 notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that this Policy shall be operative whilst the vehicle insured is being 
 used by the insured or with the permission of the insured by a Member Director or 
 employee of the insured for social domestic or pleasure purposes. 
 Whilst the vehicle insured is being so used the insurer will in terms of and subject 
 to the limitations of and for the purpose of Section II of this policy treat as though 
 he were the insured person using the vehicle insured provided that such person : 
 1.  Is not entitled to indemnity under any other policy; 
 2.  Shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the 
 terms provisions conditions and endorsements of this policy in so far as they 
 apply; 
 3.  Has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance thereof by 
 any insurer. 
 -13-
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 IMT. 60. DEMONSTRATION -DRIVING EXTENSION (Applicable to Motor Trade 
 Policies Only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles are being driven 
 for the purpose of demonstration by person(s) not in the employment of the 
 insured provided he/she/they is/are driving with the insured’s permission and is/
 are accompanied by the insured or by any person(s) in the insured’s employment.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 IMT. 61. TUITION -Driving Extension 
 (Applicable only to Motor Trade Policies issued on named driver basis.)
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of ? .............................. and 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary it is hereby understood and agreed that 
 the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles insured are being used for purpose 
 of demonstration or tuition by any other person, provided he/she is driving with 
 the insured’s permission and is accompanied by a named driver mentioned in the 
 policy Schedule.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 IMT. 62. DELETION OF 50% LIMITATION CLAUSE IN RESPECT OF DAMAGE 
 TO TYRES (Applicable to Motor Trade Road Transit Risks Policies only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............................. it 
 is hereby understood and agreed that the words ...when the liability of the Insurer 
 is limited to 50% of the cost of the replacement ..... are hereby deleted from proviso 
 (b) of Section I(1) of the policy.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the policy. 
 IMT. 63. Restriction of Cover to Liability Risks only 
 (Motor Trade Internal Risks Policy)
 It is hereby understood and agreed that
 1.  Section I and II(2)(i) and the word .other. in Section II (2)(ii) of this Policy in the 
 Schedule to this Policy are deemed to be cancelled and 
 2. The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of damage to the Motor Vehicle or its 
 accessories. 
 IMT. 64. OPEN-AIR CAR PARKS (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that for the purpose of this Policy the Premises shall be deemed to 
 include the car park at ......* superficial area not exceeding .....**
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 * To insert location 
 ** To insert appropriate area 
 IMT. 65. WORK AWAY FROM PREMISES (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that the premises are deemed to include any place at which the insured 
 is performing work not being premises under the control of the insured provided 
 that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of injury or damage resulting from the 
 driving of the vehicle insured in a public place in INDIA within the meaning of the 
 Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 Add-on for Private Car Package Insurance Policy
 Zero Depreciation
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by 
 the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
 contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to deduct no 
 amounts for depreciation in case of parts replaced on account of damage to the 
 vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as covered under 
 the Policy, however this endorsement shall be applicable to the first two (2) claims 
 during the policy period and any subsequent claim(s) shall be subject to a deduction 
 for depreciation at the rates mentioned in the policy terms and conditions.
 Provided always that
 1. such claim has been admitted by the Company under Section I - “Loss or 
 Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy, 
 2. this add-on shall not be applicable in the event of Total Loss/ Constructive Total 
 Loss of the vehicle insured under the Policy,
 3. the Insured shall be liable for the Voluntary Deductible* amount, as opted by the 
 Insured for this add-on, for each and every claim payable under this add-on,
 *Insured can opt for a Voluntary Deductible specifically for this add-on, which will 
 be over and above the deductible applied under the basic Policy. In such a case, the 
 discount will be provided in the premium calculated for this add-on, as indicated in 
 the attached grid - “Voluntary Deductible for Zero Depreciation”.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 Consumable Items
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `....................... by 
 the Insured. It is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
 contrary contrary contained in the Policy the Company hereby extends the Policy 
 to cover expenses Incurred by the Insured on the Consumable Items in the event of 
 damage to the vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as 
 covered under the policy.
 For the purpose of this endorsement, Consumable Items shall mean those articles 
 or substances which have specific uses and when applied to their respective uses 
 are either consumed totally or are rendered unit for continuous and permanent use. 
 Such Consumable Items will include nut and bolt, screw, washers, grease, 
 lubricants clip, ac gas, bearings, distilled water, engine oil, oil filter, fuel filter, break 
 oil and the like.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 Garage Cash
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by 
 the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
 contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to:
 a. Pay a daily allowance, as stated in the schedule, to the Insured for each and 
 every completed day for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage, 
 due to loss/damage to the vehicle on account of a peril covered under the 
 Policy, subject to the maximum number of days as specified in the schedule
 b. Pay the lump-sum amount as stated in the schedule, in the event of Total loss/ 
 Constructive Total Loss of the Insured’s vehicle
 Provided always that:
 1. Such claim is admitted by the Company under Section I - “Loss or Damage to 
 the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy 
 2. The insured vehicle has been under repair for a minimum number of days, as 
 stated in the schedule, post which the claim under this add-on will be payable 
 from the day such vehicle was delivered to the garage
 3. In case of theft of the vehicle, the vehicle is not recovered within 90 days from 
 the day of the theft.
 4. Not more than three claims will be payable under this add-on
 5. Claim under this add-on is intimated to the Company within 24 hours of loss or 
 damage
 6. Claim under this add-on is serviced in the authorized garages of the Company
 7. The duration for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage due to 
 loss/damage to the vehicle, and for which the Company will be liable for claim in 
 respect of this add-on will be reckoned from the day after the insured vehicle is 
 delivered to the Garage till the day immediately preceding the date of discharge 
 or date of invoice for such repair as prepared by the garage, whichever is earlier
  a. The company will not be liable for any further payment under this add-on 
 for the specific accidental loss or damage once the vehicle is removed 
 from the garage
 8. Company will not be liable for any delays on account of -
  a. Delay of more than 24  hours, in delivering insured vehicle to the garage 
 from the time of occurrence of accidental damage or loss 
  b. Non-availability of spare parts required for repair 
 Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and limitations of the Policy.
 NCB Protect
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy and in consideration 
 of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by the Insured, it is 
 hereby agreed and declared that the Insured will be entitled to No Claims Bonus as 
 per the following Table 1, under Section I - “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” 
 of the Policy.
 -14-
 NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims 
 in the current policy period
 Number of prior claim 
 free policy years
 XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3
 0 20% 0% 0% 0%
 1 25% 20% 0% 0%
 2 35% 25% 20% 0%
 3 45% 35% 25% 20%
 4 and above 50% 45% 35% 25%
 Plan 2- Two Step Down
 NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims 
 in the current policy period
 Number of prior claim 
 free policy years
 XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3
 0 20% 0% 0% 0%
 1 25% 0% 0% 0%
 2 35% 20% 0% 0%
 3 45% 25% 20% 0%
 4 and above 50% 35% 25% 20%
 Insured shall not be entitled to any No Claim Bonus, if more than three claims are 
 lodged by the Insured during the same Policy Period under Section I - “Loss or 
 Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 Return to Invoice
 In consideration of payment of an additional premium as specified and shown in 
 the Schedule, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to 
 the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to pay the 
 Sum Insured under this add-on, determined as the difference between the Insured’s 
 Declared Value (IDV) of the insured vehicle and the total actual expenses incurred 
 towards acquisition of a new vehicle of similar make and model to the insured, as 
 specified in the on-road price listed by the manufacturer/Dealer upon the occurrence 
 of  Total Loss / Constructive Total Loss as defined in the Policy
 Provided always that
 On-road price means the actual expense incurred towards acquisition of a new 
 vehicle and includes the value of factory  fitted accessories or car dealer accessories 
 at the time of purchase. On road price will also include any amount paid towards 
 registration of the insured Vehicle, road tax and cost of insuring the vehicle.
 In case of obsolete models, the last selling price of the vehicle will be considered to 
 pay the Sum Insured under this add-on
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 Engine Protect Plus
 In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the 
 Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the 
 contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify 
 the Insured for expenses incurred in repair or replacement due to consequential 
 damages arising out of water ingression/leakage of lubricating oil leading to loss 
 or damage to:
 • Engine Parts
 • Differential Parts
 • Gear Box Parts
  of the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that:
 1. For the purpose of this add-on, ‘Consequential Damage’ would mean “the 
 damage more specifically expressed hereinabove caused to an insured vehicle 
 not arising directly from an insured peril but as a direct consequence to the 
 same”.
 2. ‘Engine Parts’ would mean all internal lubricated parts of the engine including 
 pistons, pins and rigs, all pulleys camshaft, followers, cam bearings, connecting 
 rods and bearings, crankshaft and main bearings, dipstick and tube, eccentric 
 shaft, engine heads and engine blocks, engine mounts and cushions, engine 
 torque strut, flywheel and flywheel ring gear, harmonic balancer, intake and 
 