respect of death or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured 
 and not carried for hire or reward provided that the person is 
 a.  Charterer or representative of the charterer of the truck. 
 b.  Any other person directly connected with the journey in one form or the other 
 being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from vehicle 
 insured described in the SCHEDULE OF THIS POLICY. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 IMT. 38. LEGAL LIABILITY TO FARE PAYING PASSENGERS EXCLUDING 
 LIABILITY FOR ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT 
 OF AND IN THE COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Commercial and Motor 
 Trade Vehicles only) 
 I.  For use with Package Policies. 
  In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II - 1 (c) but 
 subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of 
 this policy, the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for 
 compensation (including Law costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury 
 to any person other than a person excluded under Section II-1 (B) being carried 
 in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. 
  Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor 
 Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule 
 hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the 
 conductor if any then the Insured shall repay to the Insurer rateable proportion 
 of the total amount which would be payable by the Insurer by reason of this 
 -10-
 endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the 
 Motor Vehicle. 
  Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
 endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned 
 as two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be 
 disregarded. Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the Policy are 
 also applicable to a claim or series of claims under this endorsement. 
  Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of 
 the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be 
 allowed. 
  Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this 
 Policy. 
 II. For use with Liability only Policy. 
  In consideration of an additional premium of `.............................. and subject 
 otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy, 
 the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for compensation 
 (including Law Costs of any claimant ) for death of or bodily injury to any person 
 other than a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon 
 or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. 
  Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor 
 Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule 
 hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the 
 conductor if any then the insured shall repay to the Insurer rateable proportion 
 of the total amount which would be payable by the Insurer by reason of this 
 endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the 
 Motor Vehicle. 
  Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
 endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned 
 as two persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be 
 disregarded.
  Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of 
 the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be 
 allowed.
  Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this 
 Policy. 
 IMT. 39. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PERSONS EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION 
 WITH THE OPERATION AND/OR MAINTAINING AND/OR LOADING AND/OR 
 UNLOADING OF MOTOR VEHICLES (for Goods Vehicle) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of *...... it is hereby 
 understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
 contrary the insurer shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the 
 Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior 
 to the date of this Endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law 
 in respect of personal injury to any paid driver (or cleaner or conductor or person 
 employed in loading/or unloading but in any case not exceeding seven in number 
 including driver and cleaner) whilst engaged in the service of the insured in such 
 occupation in connection with the .... and not exceeding seven in number and will in 
 addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. 
 Provided always that : 
 1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
 in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer 
 or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein 
 defined for his general employees. 
 2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
 comply with all statutory obligations. 
 3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or 
 person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary 
 and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at times allow the insurer 
 to inspect such record. 
 4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
 of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. 
 The premium to be calculated at the rate of ` 25/-per driver and/or cleaner or 
 conductor and/or person employed in loading and/ or unloading but not exceeding 
 the number permitted by the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 including driver and cleaner. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy 
 except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act,  
 IMT. 39. A. LEGAL LIABILITY UNDER THE WORKMEN’S COMPENSATION 
 ACT, 1923 IN RESPECT OF THE CARRIAGE OF MORE THAN SIX EMPLOYEES 
 (Excluding the Driver) in goods carrying vehicles. 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein the 
 company shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s 
 Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments to that Act prior to the date 
 of this endorsement in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person (other 
 than the paid driver) exceeding six in number whilst being carried in the Motor 
 vehicle and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with 
 its written consent. 
 Provided always that :
 1.  The Company shall not be liable by virtue of this Endorsement to indemnify 
 the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or 
 subsequently effects with any insurance company or group of Underwriters 
 a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for his general 
 employees and where the Insured has not obtained special permission from 
 the registration authorities for carriage of more than six such employees. 
 2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
 comply with all statutory obligations. 
 3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each person employed in 
 connection with the loading and unloading of the vehicles and the amount of 
 wages salary and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times 
 allow the Insurer to inspect such record. 
 4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
 of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed.
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
 IMT. 40. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/
 OR CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF 
 MOTOR VEHICLE. (For buses, taxis and motorized three/four wheelers under 
 commercial vehicles tariff) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the 
 insurer shall indemnify insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s 
 Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior to the date 
 of this endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law in respect 
 of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst engaged 
 in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the vehicle 
 insured and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with 
 its written consent. 
 The premium to be calculated and paid while taking insurance of the vehicle 
 concurred at the rate of ` 50/-per driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner. 
 Provided always that:-
 1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
 in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer 
 or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein 
 defined for his general employees. 
 2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
 comply with all statutory obligations. 
 3.  The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or 
 person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary 
 and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow the 
 insurer to inspect such record. 
 4.  In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
 of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. Subject 
 otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy 
 except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles 
 Act, 1988. 
 