with or without side car [not for hire or reward) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby agreed and 
 understood that the Company undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
 below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the insured person in 
 direct connection with the vehicle insured or whilst mounting and dismounting from 
 or traveling in vehicle insured and caused by violent accidental external and visible 
 means which independently of any other cause shall within six calendar months of 
 the occurrence of such injury result in:-
 Nature of injury
 Scale of 
 compensation
 (i) Death 100%
 (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
  and sight of one eye.
 100%
 (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
 (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
  than named above.
 100%
 Provided always that 
 (1)  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
 respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
 of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
 .* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
 (2)  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
 indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
 self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
 accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
 liquor or drugs. 
 (3)  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
 in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
 whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
 IMT. 16. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED PASSENGERS OTHER THAN 
 INSURED AND THE PAID DRIVER AND CLEANER {For vehicles rated as 
 