   b. Death of or bodily injury to or illness of any person caused by or through or in 
 connection with or arising from 
  i. Poisoning of any kind or foreign or deleterious matter in food or drink 
  ii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the 
 motor vehicle or the defective condition of the container of such goods
  iii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the 
 motor vehicle or defective in any treatment given at or from the motor 
 vehicle 
 Notes : -
 * For Liability only Policies omit proviso (a) 
 **1. In the case of “Mobile Shops and Canteens” insert the words “Utensils 
 or stock-in-trade” and omit (iii) 
 2. In the case of “Mobile Surgeries/Dispensaries” insert the words “Surgical 
 instruments medical appliances or supplies”. 
 IMT. 52 . EXCLUSION OF DAMAGE WHILE IN USE AS A TOOL OF TRADE 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
 requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 the insurer shall be under no liability 
 under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising out 
 of the operation as a tool of the motor vehicle or of plant forming part of the vehicle 
 insured or attached thereto. 
 IMT. 53. SPECIFIED ATTACHMENTS (Special Type Vehicles) 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that while any attachment in the under noted 
 .Schedule of attachments. is attached to the Motor Vehicle or is detached and 
 out of use the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect of any such 
 attachment as though it were the Motor Vehicle and had set against it in the 
 Schedule the value set against it in the under noted .Schedule of Attachments 
 Schedule of Trailers
 * Description           Insured’s Declared value (IDV)
 * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. 
 NOTE:  In the case of pedestrian controlled tractors insert in ‘Description’ in the 
 Schedule of Attachments “any standard attachment of the ... Tractor supplied by 
 the makers”. 
 IMT. 54. MOBILE PLANT (Inclusion of Liability to the Public Working Risk 
 Where Tool of Trade is used only for work performed in or upon the Vehicle 
 or Trailer.)
 It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
 requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, the Insurer shall be under no liability 
 under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability arising out of :-
 1. The explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or 
 forming part of the Motor Vehicle. 
 2.  The operation other than in or upon the Motor Vehicle forming part of or 
 attached to 
 3.  The Motor Vehicle. 
 IMT. 55. MOBILE PLANT  INCLUSION OF LIABILITY TO THE PUBLIC WORKING 
 RISK (All Other Cases) 
 It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
 contained in this Policy the insurer shall be under no liability under Section II in 
 respect of 
 1. Death injury or damage caused by or resulting from 
  a.  Subsidence flooding or water pollution. 
  b.  Damage to pipes or cables arising out of the operation as a tool of the 
 vehicle insured or of any plant forming part of vehicle insured or attached 
 thereto.
 2. Damage to property resulting from the manufacture construction alteration 
 repair or treatment of such property by the insured.
 3.  Death injury or damage caused by or through property on which the insured 
 has carried out any process of manufacture, construction alteration or repair or 
 treatment. 
 It is further understood and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the 
 requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988, the insurer shall be under no liability 
 under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising 
 out of the explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or 
 forming part of the vehicle insured. 
 IMT. 56. TRAILERS (Road Transit Only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that insurance by Section I and II of this Policy shall extend to the Motor 
 Vehicle (mechanically propelled or otherwise) attached to the Motor Vehicle for the 
 