This Policy and the Schedule shall be read together and any word or expression 
 to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or of the 
 Schedule shall bear the same meaning wherever it may appear. 
 1. Notice shall be given in writing to the Company immediately upon the 
 occurrence of any accidental loss or damage in the event of any claim and 
 thereafter the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the 
 Company shall require. Every letter claim writ summons and/or process or 
 copy thereof shall be forwarded to the Company immediately on receipt by the 
 insured. Notice shall also be given in writing to the Company immediately the 
 insured shall have knowledge of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal 
 inquiry in respect of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under this 
 Policy. In case of theft or criminal act which may be the subject of a claim under 
 this Policy the insured shall give immediate notice to the police and cooperate 
 with the Company in securing the conviction of the offender. 
  Wherever details pertaining to any incident which results in a claim, are 
 conveyed by the insured to the insurer after reasonable period, insured shall 
 provide the reasons of such delay to the insurer and insurer may on analysis of 
 reasons provided by insured, condone the delay in intimation of claim or delay 
 in providing the required information/documents to the insurer.
 2.  No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by 
 or on behalf of the insured without the written consent of the Company which 
 shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the 
 insured the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of 
 the insured for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or otherwise and shall 
 have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of 
 any claim and the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the 
 Company may require. 
 3.  The Company may at its own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or 
 part thereof and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or 
 damage and the liability of the Company shall not exceed: 
  a.  For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle -the Insured’s Declared 
 Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in 
 the Schedule less the value of the wreck. 
  b.  For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss 
 of the vehicle actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of 
 parts lost/damaged subject to depreciation as per limits specified. 
 -3-
 4.  The insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the vehicle from loss or 
 damage and to maintain it in efficient condition and the Company shall have at 
 all times free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part thereof or any 
 driver or employee of the insured. In the event of any accident or breakdown, 
 the vehicle shall not be left unattended without proper precautions being 
 taken to prevent further damage or loss and if the vehicle be driven before 
 the necessary repairs are effected any extension of the damage or any further 
 damage to the vehicle shall be entirely at the insured’s own risk. 
 5.  The Company may cancel the policy by sending seven days notice by recorded 
 delivery to the insured at insured’s last known address and in such event will 
 return to the insured the premium paid less the pro rata portion thereof for 
 the period the Policy has been in force or the policy may be cancelled at any 
 time by the insured on seven days. notice by recorded delivery and provided 
 no claim has arisen during the currency of the policy, the insured shall be 
 entitled to a return of premium less premium at the Company’s Short Period 
 rates for the period the Policy has been in force. Return of the premium by 
 the company will be subject to retention of the minimum premium of `100/- 
 (or ` 25/-in respect of vehicles specifically designed/modified for use by blind/
 handicapped/mentally challenged persons). Where the ownership of the 
 vehicle is transferred, the policy cannot be cancelled unless evidence that the 
 vehicle is insured elsewhere is produced. 
 6.  If at the time of occurrence of an event that gives rise to any claim under this 
 policy there is in existence any other insurance covering the same liability, the 
 Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its ratable proportion 
 of any compensation, cost or expense. 
 7. If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under this 
 policy (liability being otherwise admitted), such difference shall independent of 
 all other questions be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed 
 in writing by the parties to the dispute or if they cannot agree upon a single 
 arbitrator within 30 days of any party invoking Arbitration, the same shall be 
 referred to a panel of three arbitrators comprising two arbitrators one to be 
 appointed by each of the parties to the dispute / difference, and a third arbitrator 
 to be appointed by such two arbitrators who shall act as the presiding arbitrator 
 and Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions 
 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. 
  It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be 
 referable to Arbitration as hereinbefore provided, if the Company has disputed 
 or not accepted liability under or in respect of this policy. 
  It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be condition precedent 
 to any right of action or suit upon this policy that the award by such arbitrator/ 
 arbitrators of the amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained. 
  It is also hereby further expressly agreed and declared that if the Company 
 shall disclaim liability to the insured for any claim hereunder and such claim 
 shall not, within twelve calendar months from the date of such disclaimer have 
 been made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law, then the claim shall 
 for all purposes be deemed to have been abandoned and shall not thereafter be 
 recoverable hereunder. 
 8. The due observance and fulfillment of the terms, conditions and endorsements 
 of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by 
 the insured and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal 
 shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Company to make any 
 payment under this Policy. 
 9.  In the event of the death of the sole insured, this policy will not immediately 
 lapse but will remain valid for a period of three months from the date of the 
 death of insured or until the expiry of this policy (whichever is earlier). During 
 the said period, legal heir(s) of the insured to whom the custody and use of 
 the Motor Vehicle passes may apply to have this Policy transferred to the 
 name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance policy for the Motor Vehicle. 
 Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain 
 a new policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to the 
 Company accordingly within the aforesaid period. All such applications should 
 be accompanied by:-
  a. Death Certificate in respect of the insured
  b. Proof of title to the vehicle Original Policy.
 