Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this policy it is hereby 
 understood and agreed that in the event of loss or damage to the vehicle insured 
 and/or its accessories necessitating the supply of a part not obtainable from stocks 
 held in the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair or in the event of 
 the insurer exercising the option under ...., * to pay in cash the amount of the loss 
 or damage the liability of the insurer in respect of any such part shall be limited to :-
 1.  a. The price quoted in the latest catalogue or the price list issued by the 
 Manufacturer or his Agent for the country in which the vehicle insured is 
 held for repair less depreciation applicable; OR 
  b.  If no such catalogue or price list exists the price list obtaining at the 
 Manufacturer’s Works plus the reasonable cost of transport otherwise 
 than by air to the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair and 
 the amount of the relative import duty less depreciation applicable under 
 the Policy; and 
 2.  The reasonable cost of fitting such parts.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.
 * Insert ‘Condition 3’ in the case of the Private Car and Motorsied Two Wheeler 
 Policies and ‘Condition 4’ in the case of Commercial Vehicles Policy.
 CONDUCTORS: (Applicable to all classes of vehicles) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
 below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the paid driver/cleaner/
 conductor in the employ of the insured in direct connection with the vehicle insured 
 whilst mounting into dismounting from or traveling in the insured vehicle and caused 
 by violent accidental external and visible means which independently of any other 
 cause shall within six calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in :
 Nature of injury
 Scale of 
 compensation
 (i) Death 100%
 (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
  and sight of one eye.
 100%
 (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
 (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
  than named above.
 100%
 Provided always that 
 1.  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
 respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
 of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
 * during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
 2.  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
 indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
 self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
 accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
 liquor or drugs. 
 3.  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
 in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
 whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per person is to be inserted. 
 IMT. 18. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED HIRER AND UNNAMED 
 