(For private cars/motorized two wheelers other than for hire or reward)
 It is by declared and agreed that the insured having opted a voluntary deductible of 
 `.......................*
 a reduction in premium of `............................** under Section 1 of the policy is 
 hereby allowed. 
 In consideration of the above, it is hereby understood and agreed that the insured 
 shall bear under Section 1 Of the policy in respect of each and every event (including 
 event giving rise to a total loss/constructive total loss ) the first `.............................
 *** (or any less expenditure which may be incurred) of any expenditure for which 
 provision has been made under this policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer 
 in the exercise of his discretion under Condition no ..# of this policy. 
 If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the 
 insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the 
 insurer forthwith.
 For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression event shall mean an event or 
 series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in 
 respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 * To insert voluntary deductible amount opted by the insured under tariff for Private 
 wheelers, taxis, private car type vehicle plying for public/private hire, private type 
 taxi let out on private hire)
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
 understood and agreed that the insured shall bear under Section 1 of the policy 
 in respect of each and every event (including event giving rise to a total loss/
 constructive total loss) the first ? .............................* (or any less expenditure which 
 may be incurred) of any expenditure for which provision has been made under this 
 policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of his discretion under 
 Condition no ...........** of this policy. 
 If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the 
 insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the 
 insurer forthwith.
 For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression .event. shall mean an event or 
 series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in 
 respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 *1. To insert amount as appropriate to the class of vehicle insured as per GR.40 of 
 the tariff. 
 2. In respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for Private Car and in respect of a 
 motorised two wheeler not carrying passengers for hire or reward, if any deductible 
 in addition to the compulsory deductible provided in this endorsement is voluntarily 
 borne by the insured, the sum representing the aggregate of the compulsory and the 
 voluntary deductibles is to be inserted. 
 ** To insert Condition no 3 in respect of a vehicle rated under Tariff for Private Car 
 / Two wheelers or Condition no 4 in respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for 
 Commercial Vehicles. 
 