In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............. and 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that 
 i.  The insurer will indemnify the insured against his legal liability under Common 
 Law and Statutory Liability under the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 in respect of 
 death of or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured 
 nor carried for hire or reward, whilst being carried in or upon or entering or 
 mounting or alighting from any motor vehicle described in the Schedule to this 
 Policy. 
 ii.  This Policy shall be operative whilst any vehicle described in the Schedule 
 hereto is being used by the insured or by any other person with the permission 
 of the Insured for social, domestic, or pleasure purposes. 
 Whilst any such vehicle is being so used the insurer will in terms and subject to the 
 limitations of and for the purposes of Section II of this policy treat as though he were 
 the Insured person using such vehicle provided that such person 
 1.  is not entitled to indemnity under any other Policy. 
 2.  shall as though he were the insured observe, fulfill and be subject to the terms, 
 provisions, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
 3.  has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance thereof by 
 any insurer.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 NOTE :  In case of Liability only Policies delete (1) above 
 IMT. 35. HIRED VEHICLES-DRIVEN BY HIRER* (Applicable to four wheeled 
 vehicles with carrying capacity not exceeding 6 passengers and Motorised 
 Two wheelers) 
 It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
 contained in this Policy unless the vehicle insured is being driven by or is for the 
 purpose of being driven by the insured in the charge of the within named insured 
 or a driver in the insured’s employment, the policy shall only be operative whilst 
 the vehicle insured is let on hire by the insured to any person (hereinafter called the 
 Hirer) who:-
 i. shall have entered into a hire contract with the insured and who prior to such 
 hiring shall have satisfactorily completed and signed a supplementary proposal 
 form**. 
 ii. shall have satisfied the insured 
  a.  that the vehicle insured will only be driven by a duly licensed driver whose 
 license has not been endorsed; 
  b. that such driver has not been refused Motor Insurance nor had his/her 
 insurance policy been cancelled nor had special conditions imposed nor 
 had increased premium demanded from him/her by reason of claims 
 experience. 
 It is also understood and agreed that whilst the vehicle insured is let on hire to the 
 Hirer the insurer shall not be liable . 
 1.  for any loss, damage or liability due to or arising from theft or conversion by the 
 Hirer unless covered by payment of additional premium @ 1.50% on IDV. (Endt. 
 IMT 43 is to be used.) 
 2.  To pay the first `............................ of each and every claim in respect of which 
 indemnity would but for this endorsement have been provided by Section I of 
 this Policy. 
  If the expenditure incurred by the Insurer shall include the amount for which the 
 Insured is responsible hereunder, such amount shall be repaid by the insured 
 to the Insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this endorsement the expression 
 .Claim. shall mean a claim or series of claims arising out of one cause in respect 
 of the vehicle. 
  If the vehicle is used by the Hirer for carriage of passengers for hire or reward. 
 * For the purposes of this endorsement the insurer will in terms of and subject to the 
 provisions contained in item I of Section II of this Policy, treat the Hirer as a person 
 who is driving the Two wheeler. 
 Further it is agreed that the insured shall forward to the insurer the supplementary 
 proposal referred to above, completed by the Hirer immediately after receipt thereof 
 which proposal as well as that referred to in this policy shall be the basis of the 
 contract expressed in this endorsement so far as it relates to the indemnity which 
 is operative whilst the vehicle is let on hire to such Hirer. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
 NOTE : 
 For Liability only policies delete the whole of items (1) and (2) and the paragraph in 
 bold marked with *. 
 ** Insurer to devise a suitable supplementary proposal form. 
 IMT. 36. INDEMNITY TO HIRER -PACKAGE POLICY -NEGLIGENCE OF THE 
 INSURED OR HIRER. 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that the company will indemnify any hirer of the 
 vehicle insured against loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in 
 connection with the vehicle insured by reason of the negligence of the within named 
 insured or of any employee of such insured while the vehicle insured is let on hire. 
 Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill 
 and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in 
 so far as they apply. 
 IMT. 37. LEGAL LIABILITY TO NON-FARE PAYING PASSENGERS OTHER 
 THAN STATUTORY LIABILITY EXCEPT THE FATAL ACCIDENTS ACT, 1855 
 (Commercial Vehicles only) 
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............ and 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-1 (b) and (c) it is 
 hereby understood and agreed that the Company will Indemnify the Insured against 
 