** The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
 without side car}
 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood 
 and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided 
 below for bodily injuries hereinafter defined sustained by any passenger other than 
 the insured and/or the paid driver attendant or cleaner and/or a person in the employ 
 of the insured coming within the scope of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 
 and subsequent amendments of the said Act and engaged in and upon the service 
 of the insured at the time such injury is sustained whilst mounting into, dismounting 
 from or traveling in the insured motor car and caused by violent, accidental, external 
 and visible means which independently of any other cause shall within three 
 calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in :
 Nature of injury
 Scale of 
 compensation
 (i) Death 100%
 (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb 
  and sight of one eye.
 100%
 (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye 50%
 (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other 
  than named above.
 100%
 -6-
 Provided always that: -
 (1)  Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in 
 respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability 
 of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................
 * during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 
 (2)  No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or 
 indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional 
 self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an 
 accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating 
 liquor or drugs. 
 (3)  Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named 
 in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) 
 whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. 
 (4) Not more than....** persons/passengers are in the vehicle insured at the time 
 of occurrence of such injury.
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. 
 ** The registered sitting capacity of the vehicle insured is to be inserted. 
 