(Applicable to all Sections of the Policy)
 The Company shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of 
 1. Any accidental loss or damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred 
 outside the geographical area; 
 2.  Any claim arising out of any contractual liability; 
 3.  Any accidental loss damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst 
 the vehicle insured herein is 
  a.  Being used otherwise than in accordance with the .Limitations as to Use. 
 or 
  b.  Being driven by or is for the purpose of being driven by him/her in the 
 charge of any person other than a Driver as stated in the Driver’s Clause. 
 4.  a.  Any accidental loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or 
 expense whatsoever resulting or arising there from or any consequential 
 loss 
      b. Any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or 
 contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by 
 radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the 
 combustion of nuclear fuel. For the purpose of this exception combustion 
 shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission. 
 5.  Any accidental loss or damage or liability directly or indirectly caused by or 
 contributed to by or arising from nuclear weapons material. 
 6. Any accidental loss damage and/or liability directly or indirectly or proximately 
 or remotely occasioned by contributed to by or traceable to or arising out of 
 or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities or 
 warlike operations (whether before or after declaration of war) civil war, mutiny 
 rebellion, military or usurped power or by any direct or indirect consequence of 
 any of the said occurrences and in the event of any claim hereunder the insured 
 shall prove that the accidental loss damage and/or liability arose independently 
 of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed to by or 
 traceable to any of the said occurrences or any consequences thereof and in 
 default of such proof, the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in 
 respect of such a claim. 
 