It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated 
 with................... (hereinafter referred to as the Pledgee) and it is further understood 
 and agreed that the Pledgee is interested in any monies which but for this 
 Endorsement would be payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such 
 loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and / 
 or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as 
 they are the Pledgee of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final 
 discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss or damage. 
 It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover 
 for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will 
 continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of 
 the policy relating to this cover. 
 Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or 
 affect the rights or liabilities of the Insured or the Insurer respectively under or in 
 connection with this Policy or any term, provision or condition thereof. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 It is hereby understood and agreed that .............. (hereinafter referred to as the 
 Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the 
 subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and the 
 insured on the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are 
 interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to the 
 insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as 
 cannot be made good by repair and / or replacement of parts and such monies shall 
 be paid to the Lessors as long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and 
 their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss 
 or damage. It is also understood and agreed that notwithstanding any provision in 
 the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this policy is issued to the insured namely 
 ...... as the principal party and not as agent or trustee and nothing herein contained 
 shall be construed as constituting the insured an agent or trustee for the Lessors 
 or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by the insured to the Lessors, of 
 his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein shall be 
 construed as creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue the insurer in 
 any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.
 It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover 
 for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will 
 continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of 
 the policy relating to this cover. 
 Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or 
 affect the rights and liabilities of the insured or the insurer respectively under or in 
 connection with this Policy. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 