In consideration of the payment of premium of ? .............................* notwithstanding 
 anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed 
 that the insurer will indemnify the insured in terms conditions limitations and 
 exceptions of Section1 of the policy against loss and/or damage to the CNG/LPG 
 kit fitted in the vehicle insured arising from an accidental loss or damage to the 
 vehicle insured, subject to the limit of the Insured’s Declared Value of the CNG/LPG 
 kit specified in the Schedule of the policy. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 * To insert sum arrived at in terms of G.R.42. 
 IMT. 26. FIRE AND/OR THEFT RISKS ONLY (Not applicable for Miscellaneous 
 and Special Types of vehicles ratable under Class -D and Motor Trade Policies 
 under Classes-E, F and G of the Commercial Vehicles Tariff ) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
 understood and agreed that Section II of the Policy is deemed to be cancelled and 
 under Section I thereof the insurer shall only be liable to indemnify the insured 
 against loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning and/or burglary 
 housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood 
 inundation and earthquake perils whilst the vehicle is laid up in garage and not in use. 
 -8-
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. 
 NB. a.  In case of Fire Risk only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking theft’ are to be 
 deleted. 
 NB. b. In case of Theft Risk only, the words ‘fire explosion self ignition lightning riot 
 strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake 
 perils’ are to be deleted. 
 IMT. 27. LIABILITY AND FIRE AND/OR THEFT (Not applicable for Miscellaneous 
 and Special Types of vehicles rateable under Class of the Tariff for Commercial 
 Vehicles) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby 
 understood and agreed that Section I of the Policy the insurer shall not be liable there 
 under except in respect of loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning 
 and/or burglary housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism 
 storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy. 
 NB. a. In case of Liability and Fire Risks only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking 
 theft’ are to be deleted. 
 NB. b.  In case of Liability and Theft Risks only, the words ‘fire explosion self 
 ignition lightning riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood 
 inundation and earthquake perils’ are to be deleted. 
 IMT. 28. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/OR 
 CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF INSURED 
 VEHICLE (For all Classes of vehicles) 
 In consideration of an additional premium of ` 50/-notwithstanding anything to the 
 contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer 
 shall indemnify the insured against the insured’s legal liability under the Workmen’s 
 Compensation Act, 1923 , the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law and 
 subsequent amendments of these Acts prior to the date of this Endorsement in 
 respect of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst 
 engaged in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the 
 vehicle insured herein and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses 
 incurred with its written consent.
 Provided always that 
 1.  This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability 
 in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer or 
 group of insurers a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for 
 insured’s general employees; 
 2.  The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall 
 comply with all statutory obligations; 
 *3. the insured shall keep record of the name of each paid driver conductor cleaner 
 or persons employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages and 
 salaries and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow 
 the insurer to inspect such records on demand. 
 4.  in the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund 
 of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed.
 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy 
 except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1989
 