It is hereby declared and agreed notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
 in this Policy that in respect of the vehicle insured * the Insurer shall be under no 
 liability 
 a.  Under Section I of this Policy in respect of loss or damage resulting from 
 overturning arising out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant 
 forming part of such vehicle or attached thereto except for loss or damage 
 arising directly from fire, explosion , self ignition or lightning or burglary 
 housebreaking or theft. 
 b.  Under Section II except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the 
 Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising 
 out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant forming part of such 
 vehicle or attached thereto. 
 N. B. :  Omit paragraph (a) for :-
 1.  Liability only Policies. 
 2.  Package Policies where an additional premium has been paid for inclusion of 
 damage by overturning. 
 NOTE :  * Insert make, number or some other means of identification.
 Where a premium reduction is allowed for exclusion of damage when in use as a 
 tool of trade omit from paragraph (a) (the words resulting from “overturning” and 
 “except for loss” or “theft”.
 IMT. 48. AGRICULTURAL AND FORESTRY VEHICLES AND OTHER 
 MISCELLANEOUS VEHICLES WITH TRAILERS ATTACHED -EXTENDED COVER 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of an additional premium of 
 `..............................., the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect 
 of any trailer (including Agricultural Implements such as Ploughs, Harrows and the 
 like) described in the under noted Schedule of trailers as though it were a vehicle 
 described in the Schedule and had set against it in the Schedule the value set 
 against it in the under noted Schedule of trailers. Provided that the Insurer shall be 
 under no liability under Section I of the Policy in respect of breakage of any part of 
 the agricultural trailer or implements caused by ground obstructions. 
 Schedule of Trailers
 * Description           Insured’s Declared value (IDV)
 * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. Threshing Machines, 
 Drums, Bailing Machines, Trusses and Tiers must be identified as such.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 NOTE :  In the case of Liability only Policies, the Endorsement must be suitably 
 amended. 
 