1. Subject to the limits of liability as laid down in the Schedule hereto the Company 
 will indemnify the insured in the event of an accident caused by or arising out of 
 the use of the vehicle against all sums which the insured shall become legally 
 liable to pay in respect of :-
  a. Death of or bodily injury to any person including occupants carried in the 
 vehicle (provided such occupants are not carried for hire or reward) but 
 except so far as it is necessary to meet the requirements of Motor Vehicles 
 Act, the Company shall not be liable where such death or injury arises out 
 of and in the course of the employment of such person by the insured. 
  b. Damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in 
 trust or in the custody or control of the insured. 
 2.  The Company will pay all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. 
 3. In terms of and subject to the limitations of the indemnity granted by this 
 section to the insured, the Company will indemnify any driver who is driving 
 the vehicle on the insured’s order or with insured’s permission provided that 
 such driver shall as though he/she was the insured observe fulfill and be subject 
 to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
 4. In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy
 -2-
 the Company will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify 
 his/her personal representative in terms of and subject to the limitations of 
 this Policy provided that such personal representative shall as though such 
 representative was the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms 
 exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. 
 5.  The Company may at its own option 
  a. Arrange for representation at any Inquest or Fatal Inquiry in respect of any 
 death which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and 
  b.  Undertake the defence of proceedings in any Court of Law in respect of any 
 act or alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the 
 subject of indemnity under this Policy.
 