It is hereby declared and agreed notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
 in this Policy that in respect of the vehicle insured * the Insurer shall be under no 
 liability 
 a.  Under Section I of this Policy in respect of loss or damage resulting from 
 overturning arising out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant 
 forming part of such vehicle or attached thereto except for loss or damage 
 arising directly from fire, explosion , self ignition or lightning or burglary 
 housebreaking or theft. 
 b.  Under Section II except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the 
 Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising 
 out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant forming part of such 
 vehicle or attached thereto. 
 N. B. :  Omit paragraph (a) for :-
 1.  Liability only Policies. 
 2.  Package Policies where an additional premium has been paid for inclusion of 
 damage by overturning. 
 NOTE :  * Insert make, number or some other means of identification.
 Where a premium reduction is allowed for exclusion of damage when in use as a 
 tool of trade omit from paragraph (a) (the words resulting from “overturning” and 
 “except for loss” or “theft”.
 IMT. 48. AGRICULTURAL AND FORESTRY VEHICLES AND OTHER 
 MISCELLANEOUS VEHICLES WITH TRAILERS ATTACHED -EXTENDED COVER 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of an additional premium of 
 `..............................., the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect 
 of any trailer (including Agricultural Implements such as Ploughs, Harrows and the 
 like) described in the under noted Schedule of trailers as though it were a vehicle 
 described in the Schedule and had set against it in the Schedule the value set 
 against it in the under noted Schedule of trailers. Provided that the Insurer shall be 
 under no liability under Section I of the Policy in respect of breakage of any part of 
 the agricultural trailer or implements caused by ground obstructions. 
 Schedule of Trailers
 * Description           Insured’s Declared value (IDV)
 * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. Threshing Machines, 
 Drums, Bailing Machines, Trusses and Tiers must be identified as such.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy.
 NOTE :  In the case of Liability only Policies, the Endorsement must be suitably 
 amended. 
 OWNER OR HIRER  
 It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional 
 premium of ? ........ the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Vehicle insured against 
 loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the 
 Vehicle insured while let on hire. 
 Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill 
 and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in 
 so far as they apply. 
 IMT. 45. INDEMNITY TO HIRER - LIABILITY ONLY POLICY ‘NEGLIGENCE OF 
 THE OWNER OR HIRER’ NEGLIGENCE OF THE HIRER 
 It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional 
 premium of `....... the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Motor Vehicle against 
 liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the Motor Vehicle while 
 let on hire.
 Provided that any such hirer shall as though he were the Insured observe fulfill and 
 be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy in so 
 far as they apply.
 IMT. 46. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PASSENGERS EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR 
 ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT OF AND IN 
 COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Applicable to Ambulance/ Hearses under 
 class D of Commercial vehicles and to Motor Trade vehicles ) 
 In consideration of an additional premium of ? .............................. and notwithstanding 
 anything to the contrary contained in Section II-I(c) but subject otherwise to the 
 terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy the insurer will indemnify 
 the insured against liability at Law for compensation (including legal costs of any 
 claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded 
 under Section II - I ( B ) being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting 
 from the vehicle insured. 
 Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured 
 is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as 
 being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if 
 any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount 
 which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more 
 than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. 
 Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
 endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as 
 two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. 
 Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the policy are also applicable to a 
 claim or series of claims under this endorsement. 
 Provided further that in the event of policy being cancelled at the request of the 
 insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. 
 (For use with ‘Liability Only’ Policy) 
 In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and subject 
 otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy the 
 insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at law for compensation (including 
 legal costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than 
 a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon or entering or 
 mounting or alighting from the vehicle insured. 
 Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured 
 is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as 
 being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if 
 any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount 
 which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more 
 than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. 
 Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this 
 endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two 
 persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. 
 Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of the 
 insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. 
 Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 
 